BOOK 1098
83
Know all Men by these Presents, That
I, Edwin H. Robbins of Springfield, Hampden County, Massachusetts
in consideration of Twelve Hundred Dollars'
paid by J. Harold Merrick of Wilbraham in said Hampden County,
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
said J. Harold Merrick
See Discharg
3810999421
Those five certain lots of land lying and being in Longmeadow, Hampden County, Massachusetts
known and designated as Lots Numbered twenty-three (23), one hundred twenty-two (122), one hundred
twenty-three (123), one hundred thirty-four (134) and one hundred thirty-five (135) on the plan of
lots known as Brookline, which said plan is recorded in the Hampden County Registry of Deeds In
Book 3 of Plans, page 144.
Being part of the premises conveyed to me by Hattie M. Bliss by deed dated January 23, 1913
and recorded in the said Registry of Deeds in Book 857, page 598 and subject to the following
restrictions: that all buildings shall be placed and set back at least 25 feet from the street
line; that any dwelling house built upon said lots before the termination of these restrictions
shall cost for a two-family house at least $4000.00 and for a single house at least $3000.00; that
no more than one house shall be erected on any of the said lots; that no house shall be erected
thereon for occupancy by more than two families; that no stables or garages shall be erected
nearer than 50 feet to the street line; that no old building shall be moved onto said lots; that
all out-buildings must be clap-boarded and painted or constructed of concrete; that said lots shall
not be resold to a colored person, a Polander or an Italian; said restrictions shall terminate
January 1st. 1935.
To have and to hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said I Harold Merrick
and his heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever.
And I
hereby for myself
and my
and his
heirs, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the grantee
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances
will and my
I am
heirs and assigns that
except as aforesaid
that
have good right to sell and convey the same as aforesaid; and that
shall WARRANT and defend the same to the
his
grantee and
except
as aforesaid
Provided Nevertheless that if
, or
my
の
heirs, executors and administrators
heirs and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons.
heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
ΟΙ
his
executors,
administrators or assigns the sum of twelve hundred dollars ($120000) according to the terms of
certain promissory
ту
note of even date herewith with interest as stated in
said nate
in
years from this data, with interest semi annually at the rate of
por cont. per annum; and until such payment shall pay all taxes and,
assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby; shall keep the buildings on caid
premises insured against fire in a sum not less than
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee and
executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve and, at least two days before the expiration of any policy on
said premises, shall deliver to
or them a new and sufficient policy to take the place of the one so expiring, and shall not commit or suffer any strip or
of any covenant herein contained, then this deed, as also
note of even date herewith signed by
promise to pay to the grantee or order the said principal sum and installments of interest at the times
aforesaid shall be void
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
executors, administrators or assigns may
SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, either as a whole or in separate-
waste of the granted premises, or any
>me whereby
breach
ог
his
'
parcels, and at one time or at different times, together with all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said Longmeadow
and
or
his
or
の
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper
published in said
Hampden County the first publication of such notice to be not less than twenty-one days before the day of sale,
and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple; and such sale shall forever bar me and
all persons claiming under
те from all right and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity. And out of money arising from such sale the
grantee
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether then or thereafter payable, including all costs,
charges, and expenses incurred or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to
me
- my heirs or assigns; and
hereby, for myself and
my
heirs and assigns, covenant with the grantee
his heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
or they will upon request
execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or purchasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale, and that the benefit of any entry shall enure to
any purchaser at said sale who shall be held to claim thereunder in ease-of-any-defect-in-sand-sale, and said grantee and his assigns are hereby appointed and
constituted the attorney or attorneys irrevocable of the said grantor and
successors in the title in the granted premises to execute and deliver to the said
purchaser a full transfer of all policies of insurance on the buildings upon the land covered by this mortgage at the time of such sale, and acceptance of a deed of
the granted premises by any successors in title to the grantor while this mortgage shall be outstanding shall be a sufficient ratification of this appointment.
And it is Agreed that the grantee
or his
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in their behalf, may purchase at any sale
made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money; and that, until default in the performance or
observance of the condition of this deed
and
heirs and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and receive the rents and profits thereof.
'
And for the consideration aforesaid 9, Hattie &. Robbins, wife of the said Edwin H. Robbins
do hereby release unto the said grantee
and
чие
his
heirs and assigns all right of or to both DOWER and HOMESTEAD in the granted premises.
and all rights by statutes and all other rights therein.
the said Edwin H. Robbins and Hattie & Robbins
In witness whereof,
hereunto set
our hand sand seals this
nine hundred and twenty
Signed and sealed in presence of
John McKean
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Hampden ss Springfield, now
day of
a Seal
& Seal
second
Edwin H Robbins
Hattie E. Robbins
By Edwin H. Robbins
her attorney in fact
november
Then personally appeared the above-named Edurn # Robbins.
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Received
in the year one thousand
my commission expires June tight the Peace.
his
free act and deed, before me-
John McKean.
Nov 9. 1920 and registered from the original
-