426
BOOK 1192
Stamps $1.50 & c'd
Know all Men by these Presents, That
I, Edwin H. Robbins of Springfield, Hampden County, Massachusetts
in consideration of One Dollar and other valuable considerations
paid by
John A. Lindgren and Olga M. Lindgren, husband and wife, of
said Springfield
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
said John A. Lindgren and Olga M. Lindgren
Those two certain lots of land lying and being in Longmeadow, Hampden County, Massachusetts
known and designated as Lots One hundred thirty-four (#134) and one hundred thirty-five (#135)
on the plan of lots known as "Brookline" which said plan is recorded in the Hampden County
Registry of Deeds in Book 3 of Plans, page 144. Said lots are more particularly bounded and
described as follows:
Northerly by Lot 133 on said plan, one hundred twenty (120) feet; Easterly by Lot 123 on
said plan, one hundred (100) feet; Southerly by Bliss Road, one hundred twenty (120) feet; and
Westerly by Rosemore Street, one hundred (100) feet.
Subject to the following restrictions which terminate January 1st, 1935: that all buildings
shall be placed and set back at least twenty-five (25) feet from the street line, provided that
steps, windows, porticos and other projections appurtenant thereto are to be allowed in said
reserved space; that any dwelling house built upon said lots before the termination of these
restrictions shall cost for a two-family house at least $4000. and for a single house at least
$3000.; that no more than one dwelling house shall be erected on either of the said lots; that
no house shall be erected thereon for occupancy by more than two families: that no old building
shall be moved or erected on said lot; that no stables or garages shall be built nearer than
fifty (50) feet to the street line; that all out-buildings shall be clap-boarded and painted or
shall be constructed of concrete or cement; that said lots shall not be resold to a colord
person, a Polander or an Italian.
entireites
To Wave and to ſold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging to
the said John A. Lindgren and Olga M. Lindgren as tenants be the
and their
And I
covenant with the
heirs and assigns to their own use and behoof forever.
hereby for Myself
grantees
and my
heirs, executors and administrators
and their heirs and assigns that
I am
except as
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances
aforesaid,
that
and
I
my
grantee $
and
have good right to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that
I
will
heirs, executors and administrators shall warrant and defend the same to the
their
heirs and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all
persons except as aforesaid.
And for the consideration aforesaid I, Hattie E. Robbins, wife of the said
Edwin H. Robbins do
hereby release unto the
dower
said grantees and their heirs and assigns all right of or to both
and homestead in the granted premises. and all other rights and
interests therein.
In witness wbereof, we the said Edwin H. Robbins and Hattie E. Robbins
hereunto set our hands and seals this
September
the
Signed, and sealed in presence of
twenty-eighth
in the year one thousand nine hundred and twenty-three.
Mabel E. Wing
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Hampden, ss
September 28th.
Edwin H. Robbins and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Received
October 3,
Edwin H. Robbins
Hattie E. Robbins
By Edwin H. Robbins
her Attorney in fact
day of
& Seal
& Seal
1923
his
Then personally appeared the above-named
free act and deed, before me
Mabel E. Wing Special Commissioner
My commission expires Dec. 2 of the Peace
34, 1925.
1923 and registered from the original