BOOK 1194
313
Stamps $1.50 & c'd
Know all Men by these Presents, That
I, Edwin H. Robbins of Springfield, Hampden County, Massachusetts
in consideration of One Dollar and other valuable considerations
paid by Sven Ackerman, married, of said Springfield
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
said
Sven Ackerman
Those two certain lots of land lying and being in Longmeadow, Hampden County,
Massachusetts known and designated as Lots One hundred twenty-two (#122) and One hundred
twenty-three (#123) on the plan of lots known as "Brookline" which said plan is recorded
in the Hampden County Registry of Deeds in Book of Plans 3, page 144. Said lots are more
particularly bounded and described as follows:
Northerly by Lot 124 on said plan, one hundred twenty (120) feet; Easterly by Lorenz
Street, one hundred (100) feet%3B Southerly by Bliss Road, one hundred twenty (120) feet; and
Westerly by Lot 134 on said plan, one hundred (100) feet.
Subject to the following restrictions which terminate January 1st, 1935: that all
buildings shall be placed and set back at least twenty-five (25) feet from the street line,
provided that steps, windows, porticos and other projections appurtenant thereto are to be
allowed in said reserved space; that any dwelling house built upon said lots before the
termination of these restrictions shall cost for a two-family house at least $4000. and
for a single house at least $3000.; that no more than one dwelling house shall be erected
on either of said lots%3B that no house shall be erected thereon for occupancy by more than
two families; that no old building shall be moved or erected on said lots; that no stable
or garage shall be built nearer than fifty feet to the street line; that all out-buildings
shall be clap-boarded and painted or shall be constructed of concrete; that said lots shall
not be resold to a colored person, a Polander or an Italian.
To Dave and to Bold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging to
the said
Sven Ackerman
and his
And I
covenant with the
myself
heirs and assigns to their own use and behoof forever.
hereby for
grantee
and my
heirs, executors and administrators
and his heirs and assigns that
I am
except as aforesaid,
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances.
that
I
and my
and
have good right to sell and convey the same as aforesaid; and that
I
will
heirs, executors and administrators shall warrant and defend the same to the
his
heirs and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all
grantee
persons except as aforesaid.
And for the consideration aforesaid I, Hattie E. Robbins, wife of the said
Edwin H. Robbins do
hereby release unto the
dower
In witness whereof,
said grantee and his
heirs and assigns all right of or to both
and homestead in the granted premises. and all other rights and interests therein.
we the said
Edwin H. Robbins and Hattie E. Robbins
hereunto set our
October
hand S and seal S this
the
Signed, and sealed in presence of
fifteenth
in the year one thousand nine hundred and twenty-three.
Edwin H. Robbins
day of
& Seal
Mabel E. Wing
Hattie E. Robbins
By Edwin H. Robbins
her Attorney in fact
& Seal
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
October 15th,
Hampden, ss
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Received
192 3 Then personally appeared the above-named
his
free act and deed, before me
October 18,
1923 and registered from the original
Edwin H. Robbins
Mabel E. Wing Special Commissioner
Justice of the Peace
My commission expires Dec. 24th, 1925.