512
BOOK 12217
Edwin H. Robbins
to
Clarence J. Holland
Stamp $1.00 &c'd
by said westerly line of Courtland Street one hundred (100) feet to the place
of beginning.
Subject to taxes assessed April 1, 1924, which the grantee herein assume,
and agree to pay.
Subject to a mortgage of $4500 to Hattie C.Long and to a second mortgage
jupon which $3850 remain unpaid, held by James F. and Mary F.Fitzgerald, all
the stipulations and agreements of which mortgages the grantees herein agree
to perform.
1
Aug-
Being the premises conveyed to me by William V.Baldwin by deed dated
ust 31, 1923 and recorded in Hampden County Registry of Deeds, Book 1194,page
34.
And for said consideration I, Sofia Paraskeva, wife of the said Dimitro
Paraskeva hereby release to said grantees all rights of dower, curtesy and
homestead and other interest in the granted premises.
Witness our hands and seals this first day of August A.D. 1924.
Signed and sealed 'in presence of ) Dimitro Paraskeva
Veronica Reardon (by both))- Sofia Paraskeva
Commonwealth of Massachusetts
&Seal
&Seal
Hampden,ss Aug.1, 1924. Then personally appeared the above named Dimitro
Paraskeva and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be his free act and
deed, before me,
Veronica Reardon, Notary Public--
My commission expires Dec.10,1926
Rec'd Aug. 1, 1924, and Reg'd from the original
for con-
I, Edwin H. Robbins, of Springfield,Hampden County, Massachusetts,
sideration paid, grant to Clarence J.Holland, unmarried, of Longmeadow, in
said County, with warranty covenants, the land in said Longmeadow, known and
designated as lot No. twenty-three (23) on the plan of lots known as "Brook-
line" which said plan is recorded in the Hampden County Registry of Deeds,
in Book of Plans 3, page 144. Said lot is more particularly bounded and des-
cribed as follows-
Northerly by lot 24 on said plan, fifty-eight (58) feet more or less;
Easterly by Rosemore Street one hundred (100) feet; Southerly by Bliss Road,
| sixty (60) feet; and Westerly by lot 22 on said plan, one hundred (100) feet.
Subject to the following restrictions which terminate January 1st,1935:
That all buildings shall be placed and set back at least twenty-five (25) feet
from the street line, provided that steps, windows, porticos and other projec-
tions appurtenant thereto are to be allowed in said reserved space; that any
dwelling house built upon said lot before the termination of these restric-
tions shall cost for a two-family house at least $4000 and for a single house
at least $3000%; that no more than one dwelling house shall be erected on said
lot; that no house shall be erected thereon for occupancy by more than two
families; that no old building shall be moved or erected on said lot; that
no stable or garage shall be built nearer than fifty (50) feet to the street
line; that all out buildings shall be clap-boarded and painted or shall be
constructed of concrete%3B that said lots shall not be resold to a colored
person, a Polander or an Italian.
Subject also to the taxes for the current year (1924) which the grantee
herein assumes and agrees to pay.
I, Hattie E. Robbins wife of said grantor release to said grantee all
rights of dower and homestead and other interests therein.