200
BOOK 856
Know all Men by these Presents, That
I, Edwin H. Robbins of. Springfield, Hampden County, Massachusetts
in consideration of one dollar
paid by
Charles B. Atwater of said Springfield
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
Charles B. Atwater
said
that certain lot of land lying and being in Longmeadow, in said Hampden County known
and designated as Lot One (1) on the plan of lots known as Brookline, which said plan is
to be recorded in the Hampden County Registry of Deeds in Book 3 of plans page 144. Said
lot is more particularly bounced and described as follows: southerly by Bliss Road 163 feet
more or less%;B Westerly by Longmeadow street 81.48 feet%; northerly by Lot 46 on said plan
147 feet more or less; and easterly by Lot 2 on said plan 80 feet more or less.
Subject to the restrictions hereinafter mentioned, and which are imposed upon said premises
for the benefit of my remaining premises, and of any heretof ore conveyed by me and which
terminate January 1st, 1935. Said restrictions are the following: that all buildings shall
be placed and set back not less than twenty five (25) feet from the front street line, pro-
vided that steps, windows, porticos and other projections appurtement thereto are to be
allowed in said reserved space; that no stable or garage shall be built nearer than fifty
front
A
、
(50) feet to said street line; that any dwelling house built upon said lot shall cost at
least five thousand (5000) dollars; that no more than one dwelling house shall be erected
on said lot%; that no house shall be erected thereon for more than one family; that all out-
buildings must be clapboarded and painted, or shall be constructed of concrete or cement;
that said lot shall not be re-sold to a colored person, a Polander or an Italian.
It is understood and agreed as a part of this conveyance that the only building that
is conveyed as a part of the real estate hereby conveyed is the dwelling house now on said
land. All other buildings shall belong to the said grantor, and may be removed at his
convenience.
To Dave and to bold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging
to the said Charles B. Atwater
and
his
I
And
covenant with the
my.
heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever.
hereby for mysel
and
grantee
and his
heirs, executors and administratora
heirs and assigns that
I am
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted prem ses, that they are free from all incumbrances,
except said restrictions.
that
and
I
grantee
persons
my
and
have good right to sell and convey the same as aforesaid; and that
heis, executors and administrators shall warrant and defend the same to the
Leira and assigna forever against the lawful claims and demands of all
I
will
his
except as aforesaid.
And for the consideration aforesaid I, Eattie E. Robbins, wife of the said
Edwin H. Robbins do
hereby release unto the said grantee and his
dower
heirs and assigns all right of or to both
and homestead in the granted premises, and all rights by statutes
and all other rights therein.
In witness whereof, we the raid Edwin H. Robbins and Hattie E.Robbins
hereunto set our
hands and seals this twenty eighth
day of
January in the year one thousand nine hundred and thirteen.
Signed, and sealed in presence of
Edwin H. Robbins
John McKean
Hattie E. Robbins
by
&Seal
&Seal
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Hampden, as Springfield, January 28th
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Received
Jan. 30,
E. H. Robbins
her Attorney in fact
19 13 Then personally appeared the above-named
his
free act and deel, before me-
Edwin H. Robbins
John McKean
19 13 and registered from the original
Justice of the Peace.