Know all Men by these Presents, That
I, Edwin H. Robbins of Springfield, Hampden County, Massachusetts
in consideration of
paid by
one dollar
Helena C. Williams of said Springfield
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
BOOK S56 217
See
22804 P 264
said
Helena C. Williams
that certain lot of land lying and being in Longmeadow in said County known and
designated as Lot Eighty Seven (87) on the plan of lots known as Brookline to be recorded
in the Hampden County Registry of Deeds in Book Three of Plans page 144. Said lot is
more particularly bounded and described as follows: Southerly by Westmoreland Avenue 130
feet; westerly partly by Longmeadow street 74.70 feet; and partly by land of the town
of Longmeadow about 60 feet; northerly partly by the land of the town of Longmeadow 81.10
feet and partly by land of owner unknown about 32 feet; easterly by Lot 88 on said plan
127 feet more or less.
Subject to the restrictions hereinafter mentioned, and which are imposed upon said
premises for the benefit of my remaining premises, and of any heretofore conveyed by me,
and which terminate January 1st, 1935. Said restrictions are the following%; that all
buildings shall be placed and set back not less than twenty five (25) feet from the street
line, that no stable or garage shall be built nearer than fifty feet to the front street
line of the lot; provided that steps, windows, porticos and other projecttions appurtenant
thereto are to be allowed on any house so to be erected, within said twenty five feet of
reserved space that any dwelling house built upon said premises before the termination of
these restrictions shall cost not less than $5000.%3B that no more than one dwelling house
shall be erected on said lot%; that no house shall be erected thereon for occupancy by more
than one family; that all out-buildings must be clap-boarded and painted, or shall be con-
structed of concrete or cement%; that said lot shall not be re-sold to a colored person,
a Polander or an Italian.
To Dave and to bold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging
to the said Helena C. Williams
and
And
her
I
heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever.
hereby for myself
and my
and her
covenant with the grantee
heirs, executors and administrators
heirs and assigns that I am
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances,
except said restrictions,
that
and
I
my
grantee
and
her
persons except as aforesaid.
have good right to sell and convey the same as aforesaid; and that I
heirs, executors and administrators shall warrant and defend the same to the
heirs and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all
will
And for the consideration aforesaid I, Hattie E. Robbins, wife of the said
Edwin H. Robbins do
hereby release unto the said grantee and her
dower
other rights therein.
heirs and assigns all right of or to both
and homestead in the granted premises. and all rights by statutes and all
Edwin H. Robbins and Hattie E. Robbins
In witness whereof, we the said
hereunto set our hand 8and seal 8this
twenty eighth
day of
January in the year one thousand nine hundred and thirteen.
Signed, and sealed in presence of
Edwin H. Robbins
John McKean
Hattie E. Robbins
By
& Seal
& Seal
E. H. Robbins her Attorney in fect
his
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Hampden, ss Springfield, January 28 19 13 Then personally appeared the above-named
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Edwin
Nobbing
free act and deed, before me-
Received
Jan. 31,
John McKean
19 13 and registered from the original
Justice of the Peace.