BOOK 878
263
I, Hattie E. Robbins wife of said grantor Edwin H. Robbins release to
| said grantee all rights of dower and homestead and other interests therein.
Witness our hands and seals this eighth day of September 1913.
John McKean
)
Edwin H. Robbins
Hattie E. Robbins
&Seal
&Seal
) By E. H. Robbins her Attorney in fact
:
Commonwealth of Massachusetts.
Hampden ss. Springfield, September 8th, 1913 Then personally appeared
the above named Edwin H. Robbins and acknowledged the foregoing instrument
to be his free act and deed, before me, John McKean Justice of the Peace.
Rec'd. Sept. 13, 1913 and Reg'd.from the original.
}
Know all Men by these Presents That I, Henry S. Moody, Trustee of the
Moody Land Trust under Declaration of Trust dated, December 15th, 1909 and
recorded with Hampden County Registry of Deeds, Book 791, Page 12, herein-
after called the grantor, in consideration of One dollar ($1.00) and other
valuable considerations to me paid by Joseph Szewczuk of Holyoke County of
Hampden in the State of Massachusetts, hereinafter called the grantee, the
⠀ receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby, by virtue and in exercise
of the powers conferred upon me in and by said Declaration of Trust, and of
every other power or authority me hereunto enabling, give, grant, bargain,
sell and convey unto the said grantee and his heirs and assigns forever:
}
Tr.Moody Land Trust
to
Joseph Szewczuk
Certain lots of land situated in Chicopee, in the County of Hampden and ›
the State of Massachusetts, being numbered Four hundred ninety four (494) and
four hundred ninety five (495) on plan of Boulevard Terrace made by Cobb &
¦ Beesley C. E., dated May 1911 and placed on file with the Hampden County
Registry of Deeds, File 216, to which reference may be had for a more particu-
lar description. All taxes levied or assessed after January 1st, 1913 to be
paid by said Grantee.
Seid premises are conveyed subject to the following restrictions, which
terminate on the first day of January, A. D. 1931, and which restrictions shall
be binding upon the said/grantee, his heirs and assigns, viz.:
First, that all buildings erected or placed thereon shall be placed
; and set back not less than ten feet from the street line, provided, that
steps, windows, porticoes, and other projections appurtenant thereto, may be
· within said distance; Second, that no dwelling-house costing less then One-
thousand ($1000.00) dollars shall be built on said granted land.
To Have and to Hold the aforesaid granted premises, with all the privi-
leges and appurtenances thereto belonging, unto and to the use of the said
grantee, and his heirs and assigns forever.
And I, the said grantor do hereby, for myself and my heirs, success-
ors, executors and administrators, covenant with the seid grantee, and his
heirs and assigns, that the said granted premises are free from all incum-
brances made by me; and that I will, and my heirs, successors, executors and