262
}
BOOK 878
Being the same premises conveyed to Patrick Harrington and Ellen
Harrington by Hanorah O'Brien by deed dated February 23, 1898 and recorded
in Hampden County Registry of Deeds, Book 574 Page 330.
Our title to said premises being as two of the devisees of said Ellen
Harrington.
I, Harry J. Gould, husbend of said grantor release to said grantee all
rights by the curtesy and other interests therein.
Witness our hands and seals this thirteenth day of September 1913.
1 Stephen S. Taft Jr. )
by all
Margaret A. Gould
Mary W. Harrington
Harry J. Gould
Commonwealth of Massachusetts.
&Seal
& Seal
&Seal
Hampden ss. September 13, 1913. Then personally appeared the above
named Mørgaret A. Gould and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be her
free act and deed, before me, Stephen S. Taft Jr. Notary Public_
Rec'd. Sept. 13, 1913 and Reg'd. from the original.
Edwin H.
to
Robbins
James F. Powers
I, Edwin H. Robbins of Springfield, Hampden County, Massachusetts for
consideration paid, grant to James Francis Powers of said Springfield with
warranty covenents the land in Longmeadow in said County being the lot known
and designated as Lot Five (5) on the plan of lots known es Brookline, which |
said plan is recorded in the Hampden County Registry of Deeds in Book 3 of
Plans page 144. Said lot is more particularly bounded and described as fol-
lows:
on the south by Bliss Road 70 feet%3B on the west by lot 4 on said plan
109.74 feet; on the north by Lot 42 on said plan 70 feet; and on the east by
Lot 6 on said plan 108.90 feet.
Subject to the restrictions hereinafter mentioned, and which are impos-
ed upon said premises for the benefit of my remaining property, and of any
heretofore conveyed by me, and which terminate January 1st, 1935.
Said restrictions are the following: that all buildings shall be plac-
ed and set back not less than twenty five (25) feet from the street line,
provided that steps, windows, porticos and other projections appurtenant
thereto are to be allowed in said reserved space; that any dwelling house
built upon said premises before the termination of these restrictions shall
cost not less than $4000.%;B that no more than one dwelling house shall be
erected on said lot; that no house shall be erected thereon for occupancy
by more than one family; that all outbuildings must be clep-boarded and
painted or shall be constructed of concrete or cement, and the front line
of any outbuildings must be at least fifty (50) feet back from the street
line; that said lot shall not be re-sold to a colored person & Polander or
an Italian; and that no house previously used may be moved on to said lot
without the written permission of the grantee herein.