BOOK
894
The
as aforesaid; and that I will, and my Heirs, Executors and Administrators
shall Warrant and defend the same to the said Beaman his Heirs and Assigns
forever, against the lawful claims and demands of all persons.
In Witness Whereof, we the said Abner Hitchcock & Nancy B. Hitchcock
in token of releasing dower in the premises as well as all right under the
Homestead Law have hereunto set our hands and seals this seventh day of
February in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and fifty nine.
129
Signed, Sealed and delivered)
in presence of
W. Hyde
Esther F. Hitchcock
Abner Hitchcock
Nancy B. Hitchcock
&Seal
& Seal
Hampshire ss. Feb. 7, 1859. Then personally appeared the above named
Abner Hitchcock and acknowledged the above instrument by
executed, to be
free act and deed; before me, William Hyde Justice of the Peace.
Rec'd. June 27, 1914 and Reg'd. from the original.
--
Know all Men by these Presents I, Edwin H. Robbins of Springfield,
Hampden County, Massachusetts for consideration paid, grant to Aaron T.
Spooner of Easthampton, Hampshire County, Massachusetts with warranty cove-
nants the land in Longmeadow, Hampden County known and designated as Lot
Forty Four (44) on the plan of lots known as Brookline, which said plan is
recorded in the Hampden County Registry of Deeds in Book 3 of Plans page 144.
Said lot is more particularly bounded and described as follows: on the
north by Belleclaire Avenue seventy (70) feet%3B on the east by Lot 43 on said
plan; 110.45 feet; on the south by Lot 3 on said plan 70 feet%3B on the west
by Lot 45 on said plan 111.33 feet.
Subject to the restrictions hereinafter recited which are imposed upon
said premises for the benefit of my remaining premises and of any heretofore
conveyed by me. Said restrictions terminate January 1st 1935 and are the
following: that all buildings shall be placed and set back not less than 25
feet from the street line, provided that steps, windows porticos and other
projections appurtenant thereto are to be allowed in said reserved space;
that any dwelling house built upon said premises before the termination of
these restrictions shall cost $4000.%;B that no more than one dwelling house
shall be erected on said lot; that no house shall be erected thereon for
occupancy by more than one family; that all outbuildings must be clapboarded
and painted or shall be constructed of concrete or cement; that no stable or
garage shall be erected on said lot nearer to the street line than fifty
feet; that no old house shall be erected on said lot without the written
permission of the grant or herein having been first obtained; that said lot
shall not be resold to a colored person, a Polander or an Italian.
Also subject to the taxes for the current year which the grantee here-
in assumes and agrees to pay.
I, Hattie E. Robbins wife of said grantor release to said grantee all
Edwin H. Robbins
to
Aaron T. Spooner
哼