482
482
to
Subject to the restrictions hereinafter mentioned which are imposed
upon said premises for the benefit of my remaining premises and of any
heretofore conveyed by me. Said restrictions are the following, and ter-
minate January 1st, 1935. That all buildings shall be placed and set back
not less than twenty five (25) feet from the street line; provided that
steps, windows, porticos and other projections appurtenant there to are
be allowed in said reserved space%3B that any dwelling house built upon said
premises before the termination of these restrictions shall cost not less
than $4000.; that no more than one dwelling house shall be erected on said
lot; that no house shall be erected thereon for occupancy by more than one
family; that no stable or garage shall be erected thereon nearer to the
street line then fifty feet; that all out-buildings must be clap-boarded
and painted or shall be constructed of concrete or cement%3B that no old house
shall be moved on to said lot without the written consent of the grantor
here in shall have been first obtained; and that said lot shall not be re-
sold to a colored person, an Italian or a Polander.
I, Hattie E. Robbins wife of said grantor release to said grantee all
rights of dower and homestead and other interests therein.
Witness
John McKean
our hands and seals this seventeenth day of September 1914.
)
Edwin H. Robbins
Hattie E. Robbins
&Seal
& Seal
By E. H. Robbins her Attorney in fact
Commonwealth of Massachusetts.
Hampden ss. Springfield, September 17th 1914. Then personally appeared
the above named Edwin H. Robbins and acknowledged the foregoing instrument
to be his free act and deed, before me, John McKean Justice of the Peace.
Rec'd. Sept. 25, 1914 and Reg'd. from the original.
Ludlow Man'f'g.Asso-
ciates
to
Wawrzeniec Rusek &c
Know all Men by these Presents, that the Ludlow Manufacturing Associates
so designated under and now acting in accordance with the terms of & Supple-
mentary Declaration of Trust dated January 20, 1914 and recorded in Hampden
County (Massachusetts) Registry of Deeds, Book 885, Page 27, in considera-
tion of One Dollar and other valuable considerations paid by Wawrzeniec
Rusek and Zofia Rusek, husband and wife, both of the village of Three Rivers,
in the Town of Palmer, Hampden County, Massachusetts, the receipt whereof
is hereby acknowledged do hereby remise, release and forever quitclaim unto
the said Wawrzeniec Rusek and Zofia Rusek, all their right, title and inter-
est in and to 3 parcels of land, with the buildings thereon, known as the
Talmadge Farm, situated in said Palmer, and bounded and described as follows,
to wit:
First Parcel: Beginning at the southeasterly corner of said lot at
○ land formerly of Tenney heirs and now or formerly of one Rivard and thence
running Westerly on said land of Rivard to land formerly of Amos Olds and
now or formerly of George Green to a stake and stones%3B thence Northerly by
said land of Green in a straight line to a stake and stones at land formerly