302
BOOK 894
as to restrictions and assessments for improvements and betterments.
In Witness Whereof, I have in my said capacity hereunto set my hand
and seal this sixteenth day of July in the year of our Lord one thousand
nine hundred and fourteen.
Signed and sealed in the presence of)
State of Massachusetts )
County of Worcester
}
Leopold L. Maynard
&Seal
In my capacity as said trustee as
as hereinbefore described.
In Worcester on the sixteenth day of July A. D.,
1914, before me personally appeared Leopold L. Maynard, to me known and
known by me to be the party executing the foregoing instrument, and acknowl-
edged said instrument to be his own free act and deed and his free act and
deed in his said capacity as said trustee.
Fred W. Cronin Justice of the Peace.
Rec'd. July 31, 1914 and Reg'd. from the original.
James H. Boyle
to
Michael R. Barry &c
-
I, James H. Boyle, of Springfield
Know all Men by these Presents
Hampden County, Massachusetts being unmarried, for consideration paid, grant
to Michael R. Barry and Sarah Barry (husband and Wife) of said Springfield
with warranty covenants the land in said Springfield
Lot 153 as shown on plan of lots recorded in Hampden County, Registry
of Deeds in Book of Plans 2, Pages 175 and 176 to which plan and record
thereof reference is hereby made for a more particular description.
situated on College Ave.
Being
Said lot is conveyed subject to the Restrictions that no old building
shall be moved on said lot, no building shall be erected on said lot nearer
than (15) feet to the street line, and no barns or out buildings nearer than
-- (60) feet to the Street line, and no building costing less than $2000 shall
be erected thereon.
Subject to taxes of 1914, and any sums or sum of money which is due
or may become due the City of Springfield, for sidewalk or sewer assessments.
Witness my hand and seal this Twenty Fourth day of July 1914.
John V. Boyle )
James H. Boyle
& Seal
Commonwealth of Massachusetts.
Hampden ss. July 24, 1914. Then personally appeared the above named
James H. Boyle and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be his free act
and deed, before me. John V. Boyle Notary Public _
'
Rec'd. July 31, 1914 and Reg'd. from the original.
Edwin H. Robbins
to
Frank J. Owens
Know all Men by these Presents I, Edwin H. Robbins of Springfield,
Hampden County, Massachusetts for consideration paid, grant to Frank J. Owens
of said Springfield with warranty covenants the land in Longmeadow in said
County known and designated as Lot Ninety (90) on the plan of lots known as
Brookline, which said plan is recorded in the Hampde. County Registry of
Deeds in Book 3 of Plans page 144.