BOOK
994
蛊
131
Commonwealth of Massachusetts
Hampden ss. Springfield June 23rd 1914. Then personally appeared the
above named Edwin H. Robbins and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
his free act and deed, before me, John McKean Justice of the Peace .
Rec'd. June 27, 1914 and Reg'd. from the original.
to
Know all Men by these Presents That I Charles E. Collins, of Pawtucket
in the County of Providence and State of Rhode Island, Trustee under declara-
tion of Trust dated March 28th, 1911 and recorded with the Hampden County
Registry of Deeds, Book 805, Page 301 hereinafter called the grantor, in
consideration of One ($1.00) Dollar and other valuable considerations,
me paid by William C. Stevens, of Springfield, County of Hampden, in the
State of Massachusetts, hereinafter called the grantee, the receipt whereof
is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, bargain, sell, and convey
unto the said grantee and his heirs and assigns forever:
A certain lot of land situated in West Springfield, in the County of
Hampden, and the State of Massachusetts, being numbered One Hundred Eighty-
Three (183). Situated on Bristol Street, containing seven thousand seven
hundred thirty five (7735) square feet more or less, on plan of Lawncroft,
made by Steele Brothers, C. E., dated June 1912, And recorded with the Hamp-
den County Registry of Deeds, File 290. To which reference can be made for
further descriptions.
Chas. E. Collins Tr.
to
| William C. Stevens
Said premises are conveyed subject to the following restrictions, which
terminate on the first day of January A. D. 1932, imposed there on for the
benefit of the remaining land of said grantor and which restrictions shall be
binding upon the said grantee, his heirs and assigns, viz: first, that all
buildings erected or placed thereon shall be placed and set back not less
than 15 feet from the street line, provided, that steps, windows, porti coes
and other projections appurtenant thereto may be within said distance; second,
that no dwelling house costing less than Fifteen Hundred ($1500.00) dollars
shall be built on said granted land. Third, That no dwelling house with a
flat roof shall be built on said land.
To Have and to Hold the aforesaid granted premises, with all the privi-
leges and appurtenances thereto belonging, unto and to the use of the said
grantee, and his heirs and assigns forever.
And I the said grantor, do hereby, for myself and my heirs, successors,
executors, and administrators, covenant with the said grantee, and his heirs
and assigns that the said granted premises are free from all incumbrances
successors
made by me and that I will and my heirs, executors, and administrators shall
Warrant and Defend the same to the said grantee and his heirs and assigns for-
ever against all incumbrances made as aforesaid.
In Witness Whereof, I Charles E. Collins, Trustee, as aforesaid have
hereunto set my hand and seal this 12th day of June in the year of our Lord