(6000) square feet more or less, on plan of Lawncroft made by Steele Brothers
C. E. dated June 1912 and recorded with the Hampden County Registry of Deeds.
File 290. To which reference can be made for further descriptions.
Said premises are conveyed subject to the following restrictions, which
terminate on the first day of January A. D. 1932, imposed there on for the
benefit of the remaining land of said grantor and which restrictions shall
be binding upon the said grantee, his heirs and assigns, viz,: first, that
all buildings erected or placed thereon shall be placed and set back not
less than 15 feet from the street line, provided, that steps, windows
porticoes and other projections appurtenant thereto may be within said dis-
tance; second, that no dwelling house costing less than Fifteen Hundred
($1500.00) dollars shall be built on said granted land.
,
To Have and to Hold the aforesaid granted premises, with all the privi-
leges and appurtenances thereto belonging, unto and to the use of the said
grantee, and his heirs and assigns forever.
And I the said grantor, do hereby, for myself and my heirs, successors
executors, and administrators, Covenant with the said grantee, and his heirs
and assigns that the said granted premises are free from all incumbrances
made by me and that I will and my heirs successors, executors, and adminis-
trators shall warrant and defend the same to the said grantee and his heirs
and assigns forever against all incumbrances made as aforesaid.
In Witness Where of I, Charles E. Collins, Trustee, as aforesaid, have
hereunto set my hand and seal this 27thday of April in the year of our Lord
one thousand nine hundred and fourteen (1914).
Signed and sealed in the presence of)
William E. Briden
State of Rhode Island
County of Providence
}
Charles E. Collins Trustee
& Seal
In Pawtucket on the 27th day of April A. D. 1914,
before me personally appeared Charles E. Collins, Trustee as aforesaid to
me known and known by me to be the party executing the foregoing instrument,
and acknowledged said instrument by him executed, to be his free act and deed
William E. Briden Notary Public (L. S.)
Rec'd. Sept. 25, 1914 and Reg'd. from the original.
481
481
to
Hannah Spooner
Know all Men by these Presents I, Edwin H. Robbins of Springfield Hamp- Edwin H. Robbins
den County, Massachusetts for consideration paid, grant to Hannah Spooner of
Easthampton Hampshire County, Massachusetts with warranty covenants the land
in Longmeadow in said Hampden County that certain lot of land known as Lot
Six (6) on the plan of lots known as Brookline, which said plan is recorded
in the Hampden County Registry of Deeds in Book 3 of Plans page 144. Said
lot is more particularly bounded and described as follows: on
the south
by Bliss Road seventy (70) feet%; on the west by Lot Five (5) on said plan
108.90 feet%3B on the north by Lot Forty One (41) on said plan 70 feet%3B on the
east by Lot Seven (7) on said plan 108.07 feet.