130
BOOK 894
rights of dower and homestead and other interests the rein.
Witness our hands and seals this twenty third day of June 1914.
John McKean
Edwin H. Robbins
Hattie E. Robbins
&Seal
&Seal
By E. H. Robbins
her Attorney in fact
Commonwealth of Massachusetts.
Hampden sS. Springfield, June 23rd, 1914. Then personally appeared the
above named Edwin H. Robbins and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
his free act and deed, before me, John McKean Justice of the Peace.
Rec'd. June 27, 1914 and Reg'd. from the original.
Edwin H. Robbins
to
Hannah Spooner
--
Know all Men by these Presents I, Edwin H. Robbins of Springfield,
'Hampden County, Massachusetts for consideration paid, grant to Hannah Spooner
of Easthampton, Hampshire County, Massachusetts with warranty covenants the
land in Longmeadow, Hampden County known and designated as Lot Three (3) on
the plan of lots known as Brookline, which said plan is recorded in the Hamp-
den County Registry of Deeds in Book 3 of Plans page 144. Said lot is more
particularly bounded and described as follows:
į
1
on the north by Lot 44 on said plan 70 feet; on the east by Lot 4 on
said plan 110.58 feet; on the south by Bliss Road 70 feet%;B and on the west
by Lot 2 on said plan 111.41 feet.
Subject to the restrictions hereinafter recited which are imposed upon
said premises for the benefit of my remaining premises and of any heret of ore
conveyed by me. Said restrictions terminate January 1st, 1935 and are the
following: that all buildings shall be placed and set back not lessthan 25
feet from the street line, provided that steps, windows, porticos and other
projections appurtenant thereto are to be allowed in said reserved space;
that any dwelling house built upon said premises before the termination of
these restrictions shall cost $4000.%3B that no more than one dwelling house
shall be erected on said lot; that no house shall be erected the reon for
occupancy by more than one family; that all outbuildings must be clapboarded
and painted, or shall be constructed of concrete or cement%; that no stable or
garage shall be erected on said lot nearer to the street line than fifty (50)
feet; that no old house shall be erected on said lot without the written per-
mission of the grantor herein having been first obtained; that said lot shall
not be resold to a colored person, a Polander or an Italian.
Also subject to the taxes for the current year which the grantee herein
assumes and agrees to pay.
I, Hattie E. Robbins wife of said grantor release to said grantee all
rights of dower and homestead and other interests therein.
Witness our hands and seals this twenty third day of June 1914.
John McKean
Edwin H. Robbins
Hattie E. Robbins
&Seal
&Seal
By E. H. Robbins
her Attorney in fact