360
BOOK 911
Helen B. Williamson
to
I, Helen B. Williamson, of West Springfield, Hampden County, Massachu-
setts for consideration paid, grant to Marvin A. Spaulding of Springfield in
Marvin A. Spaulding said County with warranty covenants the land in Said Springfield, known and
designated as Lot Number Sixty three (63) on the plan of lots known as Cath-
erine Heights which said plan is recorded in the Hampden County Registry of
Deeds under file number 295.
Stamp 506 & c'd
}
Said lot is more particularly bounded and described as follows: Bounded
Westerly by Strong Ave. Fifty (50) feet. Bounded Southerly by Lot number
Sixty Five (65) on said plan One hundred eighty one (181) feet, Bounded
Easterly by land owned now or formerly by one Stebbins Fifty and thirty hun-
dredths (50.30). feet, Bounded Northerly by lot number Sixty One (61) on said
plan One hundred eighty six and five tenths (186.5) feet.
Subject to the restrictions that the front foundation of no house shall
be erected on said lot nearer to the street line than Fifteen feet, and that
no house shall be erected theron to cost less than $1,000.
Said premises are conveyed subject to any and all special assessments.
- Harley F. Williamson, husband of said grantor release to said grantee all
rights of curtesy and homestead and other interests therein.
Witness our hands and seals this 12th day of February 1915.
Helen B.
Williams on
by Harley F. Williamson
Her attorney in fact
Harley F. Williamson
Commonwealth of Massachusetts.
& Seal
&Seal
&Seal
Hampden ss. Springfield Mass. February 12th 1915 Then personally appear-
ed the above named Harley F. Williamson attorney for Helen B. Williamson and
acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be the free act and deed, before me
of Helen B. Williamson. Archie C. Smith Notary Public (L. S.)
My Commission expires Feb. 21, 1921.
Rec'd. Feb. 13, 1915 and Reg'd. from the original.
Edwin H. Robbins
to
Stamps $1.50 & o'd
-
Know all Men by these Presents I, Edwin H. Robbins of Springfield,
Hampden County, Massachusetts for consideration paid, grant to A. T. Spooner
A. T. Spooner Company Company. a corporation duly established by law of Easthampton, Hampshire
County, Massachusetts with warranty covenants the land in Longmeadow, in said
Hampden County known and designated as Lot Four (4) on the plan of lots known
as Brookline, which said plan is recorded in the Hampden County Registry of
Deeds in Hampden County in Book 3 of Plans page 144. Said lot is more partic-
ularly bounded and described as follows: on the south by Bliss Road 70 feet;
on the west by lot 3 on said plan 110.58 feet; on the north by Lot 43 on said
plan 70 feet; and on the east by Lot 5 on said plan 109.74 feet.
Subject to the restrictions hereinafter mentioned which are imposed up-
on said premises for the benefit of my remaining premises and of any hereto-
fore conveyed by me. Said restrictions terminate January 1st, 1935 and are