BOOK 911
361
the following: that all buildings shall be placed and set back not less than
| twenty five feet from the street line; provided that steps, windows, porti-
cos, and other projections appurtenant thereto are to be allowed in said re-
served space that any dwelling house built upon said premises before the
termination of these restrictions shall cost at least $4000.; that no more
than one dwelling house shall be erected on said lot; that no house shall be
erected thereon for occupancy by more than one family; that all outbuildings
must be clapboarded and painted or shall be constructed of concrete or cement'
that no stable or henhouse shall be allowed on said lot and that no garage
shall be erected thereon any part of which shall be nearer to the street line
than fifty feet; no old building shall be moved on to said lot without the
written consent of the grantor herein having first been obtained in writing;
that said lot shall not be resold to a colored person, a Polander or an
Italian.
I, Hattie E. Robbins wife of said grantor release to said grantee all
rights of dower and homestead and other interests therein.
Witness our hands and seals this thirtieth day of January 1915.
John McKean
Edwin H. Robbins
Hattie E. Robbins
&Seal
&Seal
)
By E. H. Robbins her attorney in fact
Commonwealth of Massachusetts,
Hampden ss. Springfield January 30th 1915 Then personally appeared the
above named Edwin H. Robbins and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
his free act and deed, before me,
John McKean Justice of the Peace.
Rec'd. Feb. 13, 1915 and Reg'd. from the original.
¦
i
to
Jens M. Paulson
Know all Men by these Presents That I, Charles E. Collins, of Pawtucket Chas. E. Collins, Tr.
in the County of Providence and State of Rhode Island, Trustee under declara-
tion of Trust dated March 28th., 1911, and recorded with the Hampden County
Registry of Deeds, Book 805, Page 301, hereinafter called the grantor, in
consideration of One ($1.00) Dollar and other valuable considerations, to me
paid by Jens M. Paulson of Westfield, County of Hampden, in the State of Mass-
achusetts, hereinafter called the grantee, the receipt whereof is hereby ac-
knowledged, do hereby give, grant, bargain, sell, and convey unto the said
grantee and his heirs and assigns forever:
A certain lot of land situated in Westfield, in the County of Hampden
and the State of Massachusetts, being numbered Nine (9). Situated on Furrow
Street containing Five Thousand (5000) square feet more or less, on plan of
Homefield made by Steele Brothers, C. E. dated April 1912. And recorded with
the Hampden County Registry of Deeds. File 290. To which reference can be
made for further descriptions.
Said premises are conveyed subject to the following restrictions, which
x
4