278
BOOK 915
Edwin H. Robbins
to
Geo. L. Boisseau &c
Stamp $1. & c'd
See
830150191
1
I, Edwin H. Robbins of Springfield, Hampden County, Massachusetts, for
consideration paid, grant to George L. Boisseau and Mary L. Boisseau of said
Springfield, with Warranty Covenants the land in Longmeadow in said Hampden
County known and designated as
Lot Fifty One (51) on the plan of lots known as Brookline, which said
plan is recorded in the Hampden County Registry of Deeds in Book 3 of Plans
page 144.
Said lot is more particuarly bounded and described as follows:
on the north by Lot 82 on said plan 70 feet; on the east by Lot 52 on said
plan 109 feet; on the south by Belleclaire Avenue 70 feet; and on the west by
Lot 50 on said plan 109 feet.
Subject to the following restrictions which terminate January 1st.1935,
and which are placed upon said property for the benefit of my remaining prop-
erty and of any heretofore conveyed by me. Said restrictions are the follow-
ing: that all buildings shall be placed and set back not less than twenty
five feet from the street line, provided that steps, porticoes, windows, and
other projections appurtenant thereto are to be allowed in said reserved
space; that any dwelling house built upon said premises before the termination
of these restrictions shall cost not less than $4000.; that no more than one
dwelling house shall be erected on said lot; that no house shall be erected
thereon for occupancy by more than one family; that all outbuildings must be
clapboarded and painted or shall be constructed of concrete or cement; that
there shall be no stables or henhouses erected on said lot; and that any
garage that shall be erected thereon shall not be placed nearer than fifty
feet from the street line; that no old buildings shall be moved on the said
premises without first having obtained my written consent%3B that said lot shall
not be resold to a colored person, a Polander or an Italian.
The title to said premises is conveyed to the grantees as joint tenants
and not as tenants in common.
I, Hattie E. Robbins wife of said grantor release to said grantee-all
rights of dower and homestead and other interests therein.
Witness our hands and seals this fifteenth day of June 1915.
John McKean
Hampden ss.
)
Edwin H. Robbins
Hattie E. Robbins
&Seal
&Seal
By E. H. Robbins her attorney in fact.
Commonwealth of Massachusetts
Springfield, June 15th. 1915. Then personally appeared the
above named Edwin H. Robbins and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
his free act and deed, before me,
John McKean, Justice of the Peace.
Rec'd June 24, 1915 and Reg'd from the original.
David Horwitz
to
Lena Horwitz &c
ཏྟཾ Stamp 50% & c'd
I, David Horwitz, of Springfield, Hampden County, Massachusetts, for
consideration paid, grant to Lena Horwitz, my wife and Sadie Heller, both of
said Springfield with Quitclaim Covenants the land in said Springfield, with
ха