280
BOOK 915
1
I
County with Warranty Covenants the land in Longmeadow in said Hampden County
known and designated as
Lot Forty Two (42) on the plan of lots known as Brookline which said
plan is recorded in the Hampden County Registry of Deeds in Book 3 of Plans
page 144.
Said lot is more particularly bounded and described as follows:
on the north by Belleclaire Avenue 70 feet; on the east by Lot 41 on said
plan 108.68 feet; on the south by Lot 5 on said plan 70 feet; and on the west
by Lot 43 on said plan 109.57 feet.
Subject to the following restrictions which terminate January 1st. 1935,
and which are placed upon said property for the benefit of my remaining prop-
erty and of any heretofore conveyed by me. Said restrictions are the follow-
ing: that all buildings shall be placed and set back not less than twenty
five feet from the street line, provided that steps, porticoes, windows, and
other projections appurtenant thereto are to be allowed in said reserved space
that any dwelling house built upon said premises before the termination of
| these restrictions shall cost not less than $4000.; that no more than one
dwelling house shall be erected on said lot; that no house shall be erected
for occupancy by more than one family; that all outbuildings must be clap-
boarded and painted, or shall be constructed of concrete or cement; that
there shall be no stables or hen-houses erected on said lot; and that any
garage that shall be erected thereon shall not be placed nearer than fifty
feet to the street line; that no old buildings shall be moved upon said prem-
ises without first having obtained my written consent; that said lot shall
'not be resold to a colored person a Polander or an Italian.
I, Hattie E. Robbins wife of said grantor release to said grantee all
rights of dower and homestead and other interests therein.
Witness our hands and seals this fifteenth day of June 1915.
:
¦
John McKean
Edwin H. Robbins
& Seal
Hattie E. Robbins
&Seal
) By E. H. Robbins her attorney in fact
Commonwealth of Massachusetts
Hampden ss. Springfield, June 15th. 1915. Then personally appeared the
above named Edwin H. Robbins and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
his free act and deed, before me
John McKean, Justice of the Peace.
Rec'd June 25, 1915 and Reg'd from the original.
Frs. Graves-Bates
Realty Trust.
to
Bessie V. Daly Tr.
Stamps $1.50 & c'd
Know all Men by these Presents that we, Pearl Bates and Lorenzo J.Scott,
both of Springfield, Hampden County, Massachusetts, Trustees of Graves-Bates
Realty Trust under the terms and subject to the limitations expressed in a
Declaration of Trust dated February 23, 1911, recorded in Hampden County Reg-
istry of Deeds, book 805, page 150, in consideration of One Dollar and other
valuable considerations paid by Bessie V. Daly of said Springfield, Trustee
for Mary T. Daly, the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give,
**