BOOK 915
155
Witness my hand and seal this 25th day of May 1915.
Martha J. Eddy
Commonwealth of Massachusetts
&Seal
Hampden ss. May 25 1915. Then personally appeared the above named Martha
J. Eddy and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be her free act and deed,
before me.
Edmund P. Kendrick, Justice of the Peace.
Rec'd May 25, 1915, and Reg'd from the original.
I, Edwin H. Robbins of Springfield, Hampden County, Massachusetts, for
consideration paid, grant to Mary Alice Loft of said Springfield with warran-
ty covements the land in Longmeadow in said County
Known and designated as Lot Eighty nine (89) on the plan of lots known
and designated as Brookline, which said plan is recorded in the Hampden Coun- ¦
ty Registry of Deeds in Book 3 of Plans page 144. Said lot is more particular-
ly bounded and described as follows: on the south by Westmoreland Avenue 70
feet on the west by Lot 88 on said plan 127.26 feet%3B on the north by land of
owner unknown 70 feet%;B and on the east by Lot 90 on said plan 127.1 feet.
Subject to the taxes for the current year, which the grantee assumes and
agrees to pay, and to the following restrictions hereinafter mentioned, and
which are imposed upon said premises for the benefit of my remaining premises
and of any heretofore conveyed by me. Said restrictions terminate January 1st
1935 and are the following: that all buildings shall be placed and set back
not less than 25 feet from the street line provided that steps, windows, por-
ticos and other projections appurtenant thereto are to be allowed in said re-
served space; that any dwelling house built upon said premises before the ter-
mination of these restrictions shall cost not less than $4000.; that no dwell-
ing house shall be erected thereon for occupancy by more than one family;that |
all outbuildings must be clapboarded and painted or shall be constructed of
concrete or cement, and no garage shall be erected on said lot any part of
which shall be nearer than 50 feet from the street line; that no stables or
hen-houses shall be erected on said lot%3B that no old house shall be removed
on to said lot without the written consent of the grantor herein having first
been obtained that no more than one dwelling house shall be erected on said
lot; and that said lot shall not be resold to a colored person a Polander or
an Italian.
I, Hattie E. Robbins wife of said grantor release to said grantee all
rights of dower and homestead and other interests therein.
Witness our hands and seals this seventeenth day of May 1915.
John McKean
Edwin H. Robbins
Hattie E. Robbins
&Seal
&Seal
Edwin H. Robbins
to
Mary Alice Loft
Stamps $1.00 &c'd
) By E. H. Robbins
her Attorney in fact
Commonwealth of Massachusetts
Hampden ss. Springfield, May 17th 1915. Then personally appeared the
above named Edwin H. Robbins and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
his free act and deed, before me. John McKean, Justice of the Peace.
Rec'd May 25, 1915, and Reg'd from the original.