BOOK 915
217
erty conveyed to me by deed of Hattie M. Bliss and Arthur Bliss Dayton dated
January 23rd. 1913 recorded in the said Registry of Deeds in Book 857 page 598.
Subject to $12100 of a mortgage given by me to the said Hattie M. Bliss
recorded in said Registry of Deeds, Said mortgage was originally $37000. and
there is now due on said mortgage $30,000. The grantees herein assume and
agree to pay $12100 of said mortgage, and also the taxes for the current year.
مسلمة
Also subject to the following restrictions which are imposed upon said
premises for the benefit of my remaining premises and of any heretofore con-
veyed by me. Said restrictions terminate January 1st. 1935 and are the fol-
lowing: that all buildings shall be placed and set back not less than twenty
five (25) feet from the street line, provided that steps, windows, porticoes
and other projections appurtenant thereto are to be allowed in said reserved
space; that any dwelling house built upon said premises before the termination
of these restrictions shall cost for a single house upon any lot on Longmeadow
street at least $5000. and for a single house on any lot westerly of Dayton
street except those fronting on Longmeadow street not less than $4500., and
a single house on any lot lying betwen said Dayton street and Rossmore street
to cost at least $3500, that on all other lots shown on said plan and includ-
ed in this deed a single house at least $2500.; that no more than one dwelling
house shall be erected on any of said lots; that no house for occupancy by
more than one family shall be built on any of said lots; that all outbuild-
ings must be clap-boarded and painted or shall be constructed of concrete or
cement; that no stables or hen-houses shall be erected on any lot lying be-
tween Longmeadow street and the westerly line of Dayton street; that no stables
or garages shall be erected on any of said lots any part of which shall be
nearer to the front street line than fifty feet; that no old house shall be
moved on to said lot hereafter without the written consent of the grantees
herein having first been obtained; that said lots shall not be re-sold to a
colored person, a Polander or an Italian.
A part of the consideration for this conveyance, to wit: the sum of $4200.
is paid by a purchase price mortgage delivered contemporaneously with this deed.
To Have and to Hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and
appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said Howard F. Alderman and John J.
Riley Trustees as aforesaid and their successors and assigns, to their own
use and behoof forever.
I
And I hereby for myself and my heirs, executors, and administrators,
Covenant with the grantees and thier successors and assigns, that I am law-
fully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises; that they are free from
all incumbrances; except as above stated that I have good right to sell and
convey the same as aforesaid; and that I will and my heirs, executors, and
administrators shall Warrant and Defend the same to the grantees and their
succestors and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all
persons except as aforesaid.
And for the consideration aforesaid I, Hattie E. Robbins wife of the