BOOK 915
133
pert, do hereby release unto the said grantees and their successors and as-
signs all right of or to both dower and homestead in the granted premises,
and all other rights and interests therein.
In Witness Whereof we the said Mary Alpert and Michael Alpert, (husband and
wife) hereunto set our hands and seals this twentieth day of May in the year
one thousand nine hundred and fifteen.
M. Alpert
her
Signed and sealed in presence of )
Abraham H. Slavin by M.A. and)
by sig. in Yiddish and mark of ) Mary
Mary A.
& Seal
Mary HX Alpert Giro // Pull & Seal
mark
Commonwealth of Massachusetts
Hampden ss. May 20th, 1915. Then personally appeared the above-named
Michael Alpert and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be his free act
and deed, before me. Abraham H. Slavin, Notary Public-
Rec'd May 20, 1915, and Reg'd from the original.
I, Edwin H. Robbins of Springfield, Hampden County, Massachusetts, for
consideration paid, grant to Louis E. Combs of said Springfield with warranty
covements the land in Longmeadow in said County
Known and designated as Lot Fifty (50) as shown on a plan of lots known
as Brookline, which said plan is recorded in the Hampden County Registry of
Deeds in Book 3 of Plans page 144. Said lot is more particularly bounded and
described as follows: on the north by Lot Eighty three (83) on said plan 70
feet; on the east by Lot 51 on said plan 109 feet; on the south by Belleclaire
Avenue 70 feet; and on the west by Lot 49 on said plan 109 feet.
Subject to the taxes for the current year which the grantee assumes and
agrees to pay. Also subject to the following restrictions which are imposed
upon said premises for the benefit of my remaining premises and of any here-
tofore conveyed by me . Said restrictions terminate January 1st 1935 and are
the following: that all buildings shall be placed and set back not less than
25 feet from the street line provided that steps, windows, porticos and other
projections appurtenant thereto are to be allowed in said reserved space; that
any dwelling house built upon said premises before the termination of these
restrictions shall cost not less than $4000.; that no more than one dwelling
house shall be erected there on, and no house for occupancy by more than one
family; that all out-buildings must be clap-boarded and painted or shall be
constructed of concrete or cement%3B that no garage shall be erected on said
lot nearer to the front street line than 50 feet; that no stable or hen-house |
shall be erected on said lot; that no old house shall be moved on to said lot
without the written permission of the grantor herein having first been obtain-
ed; that said lot shall not be resold to an Italian, A Polander or a colored
person.
I, Hattie E. Robbins wife of said grantor release to said grantee all
rights of dower and homestead and other interests therein.
Witness our hands and seals this eighteenth day of May 1915.
Edwin H. Robbins
to
Louis E. Combs
Stamps $1.50 &c'd
A