400
BOOK 915
|
County, Massachusetts, with warranty covenants the land in Longmeadow in said
Hampden County
Being the lot of land known and designated as Lot Seven (7) on the plan
of lots known as Brookline which said plan is recorded in the Hampden County
Registry of Deeds in Book 3 of Plans page 144. Said lot is more particularly
bounded and described as follows: on the north by Lot 40 on said plan 70 feet;
on the east by Lot 8 on said plan 107.23 feet%; on the south by Bliss Road 70
feet; and on the west by Lot 6 on said plan.
Subject to the restrictions hereinafter mentioned which are imposed upon
said premises for the benefit of my remaining premises and of any heretofore
conveyed by me. Said restrictions terminate January 1st 1935 and are the fol-
lowing: that all buildings shall be placed and set back at least twenty five
feet from the street line; provided that steps, windows, porticos and other
projections appurtenant thereto are to be allowed in said reserved space; that
any dwelling house built before the termination of these restrictions shall
cost at least $4000.%; that no more than one dwelling house shall be erected
on said lot%3B that no house shall be erected there on for occupancy by more than
one family; that all out-buildings must be clap-boarded and painted or shall
be constructed of concrete or cement%; that no stables or hen-houses shall be
built on said lot; that no garage or other outbuilding shall be erected on
said lot nearer than fifty feet from the street line; that no old building
shall be moved on to said lot without my written permission having first been
obtained; and that said lot shall not be resold to a colored person, a polan-
der or an Italian.
I, Hattie E. Robbins wife of said grantor release to said grantee all
rights of dower and homestead and other interests therein.
Witness our hands and seals this twentieth day of July 1915.
John McKean
Edwin H. Robbins
Hattie E. Robbins
&Seal
&Seal
) By E. H. Robbins
her attorney in fact
Commonwealth of Massachusetts
Hampden ss. Springfield, July 20th 1915. Then personally appeared the
above named Edwin H. Robbins and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
his free act and deed, before me. John McKean, Justice of the Peace.
Rec'd July 26, 1915, and Reg'd from the original.
Jos. B. Parker &c
to
Southern N.E.Rail-
road Corporation
Stamp 50c &c'd
Know all Men by these Presents that we, Joseph B. Parker, Penuel A. Par-
ker, Ella M. Parker and Charles P. Parker, all of Brimfield, in the County of
Hampden and Commonwealth of Massachusetts, and Katherine Parker Gifford of
Danvers, in the County of Essex and Commonwealth aforesaid, in consideration
of one dollar and other valuable considerations, paid by the Southern New Eng-
land Railroad Corporation, a corporation duly established by law and having
a usual place of business in Boston, in the County of Suffolk and Commonwealth