136
BOOK
granted premises are free from all incumbrances made by them, and that they
will and shall warrant and defend the same to the said grantees and their
heirs and assigns forever against all incumbrances made as aforesaid.
In Witness Whereof, we have hereunto set our hand_ and seals, this
Twelfth day of October A. D. 1915.
Signed and sealed in the presence of )
Martin V. Cass
State of Rhode Island )
County of Providence
Mary T. Cass
Annie M. Autran
&Seal
&Seal
) Trustees of the Eastern Land Trust
In Providence on the Twelfth day of October A. D.
1915 before me personally appeared Mary T. Cass and Annie M. Autran to me
known and known by me to be the parties executing the foregoing instrument and
acknowledged said instrument by them executed to be their free act and deed.
Martin V. Cass, Notary Public (L.S.)
Rec'd Oct. 25, 1915, and Reg'd from the original.
Edwin H. Robbins
to
A. T. Spooner Co.
Stamps $1.00 &c'd
I, Edwin H. Robbins of Springfield, Hampden County Massachusetts being
unmarried, for consideration paid, grant to A. T. Spooner Company, a corpora-
tion, having a usual place of business in Easthampton, Hampshire County Mas-
sachusetts with warranty covenants the land in Longmeadow in said Hampden
County
Known and designated as Lot Eight (8) on the plan of lots known as Brook-
line, which said plan is recorded in the Hampden County Registry of Deeds in
Book 3 of Plans page 144. Said lot is more particularly bounded and described
as follows: on the north by Lot 39 on said plan 70 feet%3B on the east by Lot 9
on said plan 106.39 feet%; on the south by Bliss Road 70 feet and on the west
by Lot 7 on said plan 107.23 feet.
Subject to the restrictions hereinafter mentioned, which are imposed upo
said premises for the benefit of my remaining premises and of any heretofore
conveyed by me. Said restrictions terminate January 1st 1935 and are the fol-
lowing: that all buildings shall be placed and set back not less than 25 feet
from the street line, provided that steps, windows, porticos and other projec-
tions appurtenant thereto are to be allowed in said reserved space; that any
dwelling house built upon said premises before the termination of these re-
strictions shall cost not less than $4000.; that no more than one dwelling
house shall be erected on said lot; that no house shall be erected thereon
for occupancy by more than one family; that all outbuildings must be clap-
boarded and painted or shall be constructed of concrete or cement; that no
stables or henhouses shall be erected on said lot; that no garage shøll be
erected thereon nearer than 50 feet to the street line%; that no old house shall
be moved on to said lot without my written permission having first been ob-
tained; that said lot shall not be resold to a colored person, a Polander or
an Italian.
I, Hattie E. Robbins wife of said grantor release to said grantee all
5