130
BOOK 925
Etta G. Cohn
to
Louis C. Henin
Stamps $1.00 &c'd
I, Etta Golde Cohn, of Springfield, Hampden County, Massachusetts widow,
for consideration paid, grant to Louis C. Henin of said Springfield with war-
ranty covenants
•
A certain lot of land with the buildings thereon situated on the wester-
ly side of Forest Park avenue, in said Springfield, bounded and described as
follows, viz:
Commencing at a point in the westerly line of said Forest Park avenue,
one hundred (100) feet southerly from the southerly line of Sumner avenue, and
running thence westerly at right angles with Forest Park avenue seventy-five
(75) feet; thence southerly parallel with Forest Park avenue fifty (50) feet;
thence easterly to said Forest Park avenue; and thence northerly on said Forest
Park avenue fifty (50) feet to the point of beginning.
Subject to a mortgage for $4400 held by the North Brookfield Savings Bank
Witness my hand and seal this twenty-first day of October 1915.
George F. Leary
to Etta Golde Cohn in
{lang ra
Yiddish
Commonwealth of Massachusetts
& Seal
Hampden ss. October 21st 1915. Then personally appeared the above named
Etta Golde Cohn and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be her free act
and deed, before me. George F. Leary, Notary Public-
Rec'd Oct. 22, 1915, and Reg'd from the original.
Edwin H. Robbins
to
M. E.Schwarzmann
Stamps $1.00 &c'd
I, Edwin H. Robbins of Springfield, Hampden County, Massachusetts for
consideration paid, grant to Mary E. Schwarzmann, of said Springfield with
warranty covenants the land in Longmeadow in said Hampden County
Known and designated as Lot Forty (40) on the plan of lots known as
Brookline, which said plan is recorded in the Hampden County Registry of Deads
in Book 3 of Plans page 144.
Said lot is more particularly bouded and described as follows; on the
north by Belleclaire Avenue 70 feet, on the east by Lot 39 on said plan 106.9
feet; on the south by Lot 7 on said plan 70 feet; and on the west by Lot 41 an
said plan 107.81 feet.
Subject to the restrictions hereinafter mentioned which are imposed upon
I said premises for the benefit of my remaining premises and of any heretofore
conveyed by me. Said restrictions terminate January 1st 1935 and are the fol-
lowing: that all buildings shall be placed and set back not less than twenty
five feet from the street line, provided that steps porticos, windows and
other projections appurtenant thereto are to be allowed in said reserved
space; that any dwelling house built upon said premises before the termination
of these restrictions shall cost not less than $4000.; that no more than one
dwelling house shall be erected on said lot; that no house shall be erected
thereon for occupancy by more than one family; that all outbuildings must be
clapboarded and painted, or shall be constructed of concrete or cement; that ¦
5.