BOOK 925
495
rights of dower and homestead and other interests therein.
Witness our hands and seals this 12th. day of January 1916.
John McKean
)
Edwin H. Robbins
Hattie E. Robbins
&Seal
&Seal
) By E. H. Robbins her
Attorney in fact
Commonwealth of Massachusetts
Hampden ss. Springfield, January 12th. 1916. Then personally appeared
the above named Edwin H. Robbins and acknowledged the foregoing instrument
to be his free act and deed, before me.
John McKean, Justice of the Peace.
Rec'd Jan. 14, 1916, and Reg'd from the original.
:
1
I, Edwin H. Robbins of Springfield, Hampden County, Massachusetts for
consideration paid, grant to the A. T. Spooner Company, a corporation duly
organized by law, and having a place of business at Easthampton Hampshire
County, Massachusetts, with warranty covenants the land in Longmeadow in said
Hampden County
Known and designated as Lot Ten (10) on the plan of lots known as Brook-
line, which said plan is recorded in the Hampden County Registry of Deeds in
Book 3 of Plans page 144. Said lot is more particularly bounded and described
as follows: On the north by Lot 37 on said plan 70 feet%3B on the east by Lot
11 on said plan 104.72 feet%3B on the south by Bliss Road 70 feet; and on the
west by Lot 9 on said plan 105.55 feet.
Subject to the restrictions hereinafter mentioned, which are imposed upon
said premises for the benefit of my remaining premises and of any heretofore
conveyed by me. Said restrictions terminate January 1st. 1935 and are the fol-
lowing: That all buildings shall be placed and set back not less than 25 feet
from the street line, provided, that steps, windows, porticos and other pro-
jections appurtenant thereto are to be allowed in said reserved space; that
any dwelling house built upon said premises before the termination of these
restrictions shall cost at least $4000.%;B that no more than one dwelling house
shall be erected on said lot; that no house shall be erected thereon for oc-
cupancy by more than one family; that all out-buildings must be clapboarded
and painted or shall be constructed of concrete%3B that said lot shall not be
resold to a colored person, a Polander, or an Italian; that no stable or hen-
house shall be built on said lot; that no garage shall be built on said lot
nearer than fifty feet to the street line; that no building previously used
I shall be moved on said lot without the written permission of the grantor here-
in having been first obtained.
I, Hattie E. Robbins wife of said grantor release to said grantee all
rights of dower and homestead and other interests therein.
Witness our hands and seals this 11th. day of January 1916.
John McKean
Edwin H. Robbins
Hattie E. Robbins
&Seal
&Seal
Edwin H. Robbins
to
A. T. Spooner Co.
Stamps $1.00 &c'd
By E. H. Robbins her
) Attorney in fact