494
BOOK 925
Subject, however, to a mortgage held by the Springfield Institution for
Savings for $2500.00, which said mortgage, with the interest there on, the
grantee assumes and agrees to pay as part of the purchase price.
I, Pearlie E. Sweet wife of said grantor release to said grantee all
rights of dower and homestead and other interests therein.
our hands and seals this twelfth day of January 1916.
Witness
Geo. S. Lamps on
To both
)
Alvan A. Sweet
Pearlie E. Sweet
& Seal
&Seal
Commonwealth of Massachusetts
Hampden ss. January 12, 1916. Then personally appeared the above named
Alvan A. Sweet and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be his free act
and deed, before me. Charles J. Weston, Notary Public-
Rec'd Jan. 13, 1916, and Reg'd from the original.
Edwin H. Robbins
to
A. T. Spooner Co.
Stamps $1.00 &c'd
I, Edwin H. Robbins of Springfield, Hampden County, Massachusetts for
consideration paid, grant to the A. T. Spooner Company, a corporation duly
established by law and having a usual place of business in Easthampton, Hamp-
dhire County, Massachusetts, with warranty covenants the land in Longmeadow
in said County
Known as Lot Nine (9) on the plan of lots known and designated as Brook-
line, which said plan is recorded in the Hampden County Registry of Deeds in
Book of plans 3, page 144.
Said lot is more particularly bounded and described as follows: Norther-
ly by lot 38 on said plan 70 feet; Easterly by lot 10 on said plan 105.55 feet;
Southerly by Bliss Road 70 feet; and Westerly by lot 8 on said plan 106.39
feet.
Subject to the restrictions hereinafter mentioned which are imposed upon
said premises for the benefit of my remaining premises and of any heretofore
conveyed by me. Said restrictions terminate January 1st. 1935 and are the fol-
lowing: That all buildings shall be placed and set back not less than 25 feet
from the street line, provided, that steps, windows, porticos and other pro-
jections appurtenant thereto are to be allowed in said reserved space; that
any dwelling house built upon said premises before the termination of the re-
strictions shall cost at least $4000.%3B that no more than one dwelling house
shall be erected on said lot%3B that no house shall be erected there on for oc-
cupancy by more than one family; that all out-buildings must be clapboarded
and painted or shall be constructed of concrete; that said lots shall not be
resold to a colored person, & Polander, or an Italian; that no stable or hen-
house shall be built on said lot%3B that no garage shall be built on said lot
nearer than fifty feet to the street line; that no building previously used
shall be moved on said lot without the written permission of the grantor here-
in having been first obtained.
I, Hattie E. Robbins wife of said grantor release to said grantee all
5