496
BOOK 925
Commonwealth of Massachusetts
Hampden ss. January 11th. 1916. Then personally appeared the above-named
Edwin H. Robbins and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be his free act
and deed, before me. John McKean, Justice of the Peace.
Rec'd Jan. 14, 1916, and Reg'd from the original.
Tr. Moody Land Trust
to
James Sullivan &c
Stamp 506 &c'd
Know all Men by these Presents That I, Henry S. Moody, Trustee of the
Moody Land Trust under declaration of Trust dated December 15, 1909, and re-
corded with Middlesex County, South District, Deeds, Book 3491, Page 404,also
with the Hampden County Deeds, Book 791, Page 12 hereinafter called the gran-
tor, in consideration of One dollar ($1.00) and other valuable considerations
to me paid by James and Mary Sullivan both of of Springfield, County of Hamp-
den in the State of Massachusetts, hereinafter called the grantees, the re-
ceipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby, by virtue and in exercise of
the powers conferred upon me in and by said Declaration of Trust, and of every
other power or authority me hereunto enabling, give, grant, bargain, sell and
convey unto the said grantees and their heirs and assigns forever:
Certain lots of land situated in Springfield, in the County of Hampden
and the State of Massachusetts, being numbered Three hundred forty-four (344)
and three hundred forty-five (345) on plan of Franklin Villa made by Cobb and
Beesley C. E., dated June, 1911 and placed on file with the Hampden County,
Deeds, File #216, to which reference may be had for a more particular descrip-
tion. All taxes and assessments levied and assessed after January 1st, 1914
to be paid by said grantees.
Said premises are conveyed subject to the following restrictions, which
terminate on the first day of January, A. D. 1931, and which restrictions
shall be binding upon the said grantees, their heirs and assigns, viz: First,
that all buildings erected or placed there on shall be placed and set back not
less than ten feet from the street line, provided, that steps, windows, por-
ticoes, and other projections appurtenant thereto, may be within said distance:
Second, that no dwelling-house costing less than Twenty-five hundred ($2500)
dollars shall be built on said granted land.
To Have and to Hold the aforesaid granted premises, with all the privi-
leges and appurtenances thereto belonging, unto and to the use of the said
grantees, and their heirs and assigns forever.
And I, the said grantor, do hereby, for myself and my heirs, successors,
executors and administrators, covenant with the said grantees, and their heirs
and assigns, that the said granted premises are free from all incumbrances
made by me; and that I will, and my heirs, successors, executors and adminis-
trators shall warrant and defend the same to the said grantees, and their
heirs and assigns forever against all incumbrances made as aforesaid.
In Witness Whereof, I, Henry S. Moody, Trustee as aforesaid, have here-
ง