BOOK 925
137
rights of dower and homestead and other interests therein.
Witness our hands and seals this nineteenth day of October 1915.
John McKean
Edwin H. Robbins
)
Hattie E. Robbins
& Seal
&Seal
) By E. H. Robbins her Attorney in fact
Commonwealth of Massachusetts
Hampden s3. Springfield, October 19th 1915. Then personally appeared the
above-named Edwin H. Robbins and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
his free act and deed, before me. John McKean, Justice of the Peace.
Rec'd Oct. 26, 1915, and Reg'd from the original.
Know all Men by these Presents We, Urbain Boisvert and Adelsie Boisvert,
'husband and wife, of Springfield, Hampden County, Massachusetts for consider-
ation paid, grant to City of Springfield, a municipal corporation in said
County of Hampden, of with warranty covenants the land in said Springfield,
Known and designated as lot #239 (nine) on a plan of lots entitled "Floral
Park", recorded with Hampden County Registry of Deeds, book of plans 2, page
24, to which reference is hereby made for a more particular description.
Subject to the restrictions that no building shall be erected on said
lot with front foundation wall nearer than fifteen feet to the street line
and no old building shall be moved or erected on said lot.
Being part of the premises conveyed to us by Emma G. Fairfield, by deed
dated October 21, 1903, recorded with Hampden County Registry of Deeds, book
672, page 97.
Witness our hands and seals this thirtieth day of September, 1915.
Urbain Boisvert &c
to
City of Springfield
Stamp 506 &c'd
J. B. Bishop to U.B.
Urbain Boisvert
Adalsie Boisvert
&Seal
& Seal
Commonwealth of Massachusetts
Hampden ss. Springfield, Mass. Oct. 4th 1915. Then personally appeared
the above named Urbain Boisvert and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to
be his free act and deed, before me. Abraham E. Snow, Justice of the Peace.
Rec'd Oct. 26, 1915, and Reg'd from the original.
to
I Nelson L. Elmer of of Springfield, Hampden County, Massachusetts being Nelson L. Elmer
married, for consideration paid, grant to William N. Stacey, of said Spring-
field, with warranty covenants the land in Agawam, Hampden County Massachu-
setts. Land in Hampden County Massachusetts bounded and described as follows::
Being two certain lots in said Agawam designated as follows:
Lots fifty two (52) and fifty three A. (53-A) as shown on a plan of lots:
called Cosgrove Park. recorded in Hampden County Registry of Deeds in File
311, to which plan and record thereof reference is hereby made for a more par-
ticular description.
Being a part of the premises conveyed to me by A. Olin Sinclair by deed
:
dated Feb. 10, 1915 and recorded in Hampden County Registry of Deeds Book 918
Wm. N. Stacey