174
BOOK 925
Commonwealth of Massachusetts
Hampden ss. Springfield, October 30th. 1915. Then personally appeared
the above named Edwin H. Robbins and acknowledged the foregoing instrument
to be his free act and deed, before me.
John McKean, Justice of the Peace.
Rec'd Nov. 2, 1915, and Reg'd from the original.
Tr. Moody Land Trust
to
Alphonse Courchesne
Stamp 506 &c'd
Know all Men by these Presents That I, Henry S. Moody, Trustee of the
Moody Land Trust under declaration of Trust dated December 15th, 1909, and
recorded with Middlesex County, So. Dist., Registry of Deeds, Book 3491, Page
404; also with Hampden County Registry of Deeds, Book 791, Page 12 hereinaf-
ter called the grantor, in consideration of One ($1.00) Dollar and other val-
uable considerations to me paid by Alphonse Courchesne of Holyoke, County of
Hampden in the State of Massachusetts, hereinafter called the grantee, the
receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby, by virtue and in exercise
of the powers conferred upon me in and by said Declaration of Trust, and of
every other power or authority me hereunto enabling, give, grant, bargain,
sell and convey unto the said grantee and his heirs and assigns forever:
Certain lots of land situated in Chicopee, in the County of Hampden and
the State of Massachusetts, being numbered One Hundred Fifty-five (155) and
One Hundred Fifty-six (156). on plan of Newton Terrace made by F. T. Westcott
C. E. dated June 1910 and recorded in the Hampden County Registry of Deeds,
File 216 To which reference may be had for a more particular description. All
taxes and assessments levied or assessed after January 1st, 1915 to be paid
by said grantee.
Said premises are conveyed subject to the following restrictions, which
terminate on the first day of January, A. D. 1930, and which restrictions
shall be binding upon the said grantee, his heirs and assigns, viz: that no
dwelling-house costing less than One Thousand ($1000.00) dollars shall be
built on said granted land.
To Have and to Hold the aforesaid granted premises, with all the privi-
leges and appurtenances the reto belonging, unto and to the use of the said
grantee, and his heirs and assigns forever.
And I, the said grantor, do hereby, for myself and my heirs, successors,
executors and administrators, covenant with the said grantee, and his heirs
and assigns, that the said granted premises are free from all incumbrances
made by me; and that I will, and my heirs, successors, executors and adminis-
trators shall warrant and defend the same to the said grantee, and his heirs
and assigns forever against all incumbrances made as aforesaid.
In Witness Whereof, I, Henry S. Moody, Trustee as aforesaid, have here-
unto set my hand and seal this 23d day of July, in the year of our Lord one
thousand nine hundred and fifteen.
.XA