BOOK 925
173
State of Connecticut
Hartford Connecticut, October 2nd. 1915. Then personally appeared befor
| me the above named Anna C. Stuart and acknowledged the foregoing instrument
to be her free act and deed before me. Michael F. O'Donnell, Notary Public-
Commonwealth of Massachusetts
Worcester ss. October 3rd, 1915. Then personally appeared the above-
named Raymond R. Stuart and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be his
free act and deed, before me. A. Colby Hardy,-Justice of the Peace.
(Notarial L.S.)
Rec'd Nov. 2, 1915, and Reg'd from the original.
S
I, Edwin H. Robbins of Springfield, Hampden County, Massachusetts, for
consideration paid, grant to the A. T. Spooner Company, a corporation having
a usual place of business in Easthampton, Hampshire county of with warranty
covenants the land in Longmeadow in said Hampden County
Known and designated as Lot Forty-five (45) on the plan of lots known as
Edwin H. Robbins
to
A. T. Spooner Co.
| Brookline, which said plan is recorded in the Hampden County Registry of Deeds Stamps $1.50 &c'd
| in Book 3 of Plans page 144. Said lot is more particularly bounded and describ-
ed as follows: on the north by Belleclaire Avenue 72.75 feet; on the east by
Lot 44 on said plan 111.33 feet; on the south by Lot 2 on said plan 70 feet;
and on the west by Lots 46 and 47 on said plan 112.25 feet.
Subject to the restrictions hereinafter mentioned which are imposed upon
said premises for the benefit of my remaining premises and of any heretofore
conveyed by me. Said restrictions terminate January 1st. 1935 and are the fol-
lowing: that all buildings shall be placed and set back not less than twenty
five feet from the street line, provided that steps, windows, porticos and
other projections appurtenant thereto are to be allowed in said reserved space;
that any dwelling house built upon said lot before the termination of these
restrictions shall cost at least $4000.; that no more than one dwelling house
shall be erected on said lot; that no house shall be erected thereon for oc-
[cupancy by more than one family; that all outbuildings must be clap-boarded
and painted or shall be constructed of concrete or cement; that no stables or
hen-houses shall be built on said lot; that no garage shall be erected thereon
nearer than fifty feet from the street line; that no old buildings shall be
moved on the said lot without the written permission of the grantor herein
having been first obtained; that said lot shall not be resold to an Italian,
a Polander or a colored person.
I, Hattie E. Robbins wife of said grantor release to said grantee all
rights of dower and homestead and other interests therein.
Witness our hands and seals this thirty day of October 1915.
John McKean
•
Edwin H. Robbins
Hattie E. Robbins
By E. H. Robbins
) her attorney in fact
& Seal
&Seal
AX