BOOK 929
195
executors, and administrators, covenant with the said grantee, and her heirs
and assigns that the said granted premises are free from all incumbrances made
=
by me and that I will and my heirs' successors, executors, and administrators
shall warrant and defend the same to the said grantee, and her heirs and as-
=
signs forever against all incumbrances made as aforesaid.
;
In Witness Where of I, Duncan J. Urquhart, Trustee, as aforesaid have here-
unto set my hand and seal this Fourth day of April in the year of our Lord one
thousand nine hundred and sixteen (1916).
Signed and sealed in the presence of
John L. Kehoe
A. Bain
State of Rhode Island)
Duncan J. Urquhart, Trustee &Seal
County of Providence ) In Providence on the 4th day of April A.D. 1916, before
me personally appeared Duncan J. Urquhart, Trustee as aforesaid to me known
and known by me to be the party executing the foregoing instrument, and acknowl-
edged said instrument by him executed, to be his free act and deed.
John L. Kehoe, Notary Public (L.S.)
Rec'd April 6, 1916 and Reg'à from the original.
a
Springfield, Hampden County, Massachusetts, for con-
I, Edwin H. Robbins,
sideration paid, grant to William H. Carpenter and Emma Hill Carpenter, Trus-
tees of the William H. Carpenter Company, under a Declaration of trust dated
September 21, 1914, recorded in the Hampden County Registry of Deeds Book 889,
Page 480, of said Springfield with warranty covenants
The land in Longmeadow in said County known and designated as Lot Forty
Six (46) on the plan of lots known as Brookline, which said plan is recorded
in the Hampden County Registry of Deeds in Book 3 of Plans page 144. Said
lot is more particularly bounded and described as follows: westerly by Long-
meadow street seventy five (75) feet; northerly by Lot 47 on said plan 134.79
feet; easterly by lots 2 and 45 on said plan 73.53 feet; and southerly by Lot
1 on said plan 149.57 feet.
Subject to the restrictions hereinafter mentioned which are imposed upon
said premises for the benefit of my remaining premises and of any heretofore
conveyed by me, Said restrictions terminate January 1st, 1935 and are the
following: that all buildings shall be placed and set-back not less than twen-
ty five feet from the street line, provided that steps, windows, porticos, and
other projections appurtenant thereto are to be allowed in said reserved space;
that any dwelling house built upon said premises shall cost not less than five
thousand ($5000) dollars; that no more than one dwelling house shall be erected
on said lot; that no house shall be erected thereon for occupancy by more than
one family; that all outbuildings must be clapboarded and painted or shall be
constructed of concrete or cement%; that no stable or hen houses shall be
erected on said lot; that no garage shall be built nearer than fifty feet to
the street line; that no old buildings shall be moved on to said lot without
Edwin H. Robbins
to
Trs. William H.
Carpenter Company.
Stamp 506 & c'd