196
BOOK 929
written permission having first been obtained%3B that said lot shall not be re-
sold to a colored person, a polander or an Italian.
Subject to the taxes assessed April 1, 1916, which the grantees assume
and agree to pay.
-
Hattie E. Robbins wife of said grantor release to said grantee all rights
of dower and homestead and other interests therein.
Witness our hands and seals this twentieth day of March 1916.
John McKean
) Edwin H. Robbins
Hattie E. Robbins
&Seal
&Seal
By E.H. Robbins her attorney in fact!
Commonwealth of Massachusetts.
Hampden ss.
Springfield, March 20th, 1916. Then personally appeared the
above-named Edwin H. Robbins and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
his free act and deed, before me, John McKean, Justice of the Peace.
Rec'd April 6, 1916 and Reg'd from the original.
Rhoda J. Capen
to
Southern N.E. R.R.
Corporation.
I, Rhoda J. Capen, wife of Loranus C. Capen, of Warren Worcester County,
Massachusetts, for consideration paid, grant to The Southern New England Rail-
road Corporation, a corporation duly organized by law of with quitclaim
covenants
A tract of land in Brimfield, being a strip 5 rods wide across a tract
land known as the "Plain Lot" which lot is more particularly described in a
deed of Samuel N. Coye to Adeline B. Tyler, dated March 7, 1863, and recorded
in Hampden County Registry of Deeds, in Book 225, Page 267.
This deed is given to confirm and make good the title to the same prem-
ises conveyed by Rhoda J. Capen, et al, to The Southern New England Railroad
Corporation, dated December 19, 1913, and recorded with said Deeds, Book 884,
Page 172. The consideration for this deed is less than one hundred dollars.
And for the consideration aforesaid,-Charles L. Combs, of Springfield,
Hampden County, Massachusetts, Conservator of Loranus C. Capen, husband of
Rhoda J. Capen, of said Warren, duly appointed, and here to authorized as such
conservator by decree of the Probate Court in and for Worcester County, dated
March 28, 1916, do hereby release to said grantee all rights to curtesy and
other interests therein.
Witness our hands and seals this thirtieth day of March 1916.
Frank E. Gleason Witness to
Grace D. Combs Witness to
)
Rhoda J. Capen
&Seal
Charles L. Combs
&Seal
)
Conservator of Loranus C. Capen
Commonwealth of Massachusetts.
Worcester ss. Warren, Mass., March 31st, 1916. Then personally appeared the
above named Rhoda J. Capen and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be her
free act and deed, before me, Frank E. Gleason, Justice of the Peace.
Rec'à April 6, 1916 and Reg'd from the original.