226
BOOK 929
seven (87), Eighty-eight (88) and Eighty-nine (89), on plan of Boulevard Ter-
race made by Cobb & Beasley C.E., dated May 1911 and placed on file with the
Hampden County, Registry of Deeds, File 216, to which reference may be had for
a more particular description. All taxes and assessments levied or assessed
to be paid by said Grantee.
Said premises are conveyed subject to the following restrictions, which
terminate on the first day of January, A.D. 1931, and which restrictions shall
be binding upon the said grantees, their heirs and assigns, viz: First, that
all buildings erected or placed thereon shall be placed and set back not less
than ten feet from the street line, provided, that steps, windows, porticoes,
and other projections appurtenant thereto, may be within said distance; Second
that no dwelling-house costing less than One thousand ($1000.00) dollars shall
be built on said granted land.
To Have and to Hold the aforesaid granted premises, with all the privi-
leges and appurtenances thereto belonging, unto and to the use of the said
grantees, and their heirs and assigns forever.
And I, the said grantor, do hereby, for myself and my heirs, successors,
executors and administrators, covenant with the said grantees,
and their heirs
and assigns, that the said granted premises are free from all incumbrances
made by me; and that I will, and my heirs, successors, executors and adminis-
trators shall warrant and defend the same to the said grantees, and their heirs
and assigns forever against all incumbrances made as aforesaid.
In Witness Whereof, I, Henry S. Moody, Trustee as aforesaid, have hereun-
to set my hand and seal this Twenty-ninth day of March, in the year of our
Lord one thousand nine hundred and Sixteen.
Signed and sealed in the presence of )
Winefred B. Washburne
State of Massachusetts)
County of Suffolk
) Henry S. Moody, Trustee
&Seal
) In Boston on the 29th day of March A.D. 1916, before
me personally appeared Henry S. Moody, Trustee as aforesaid, to me known and
known by me to be the party executing the foregoing instrument, and acknowl-
edged said instrument by him executed, to be his free act and deed.
Winefred B. Washburne,
Rec'd April 13, 1916 and Reg'd from the original.
Edwin H. Robbins
to
A. T. Spooner Co.
Stamp $1.00 & c'd
I, Edwin H. Robbins, of Springfield, Hampden County, Massachusetts, for
consideration paid, grant to the A. T. Spooner Company, a corporation having
a principal place of business at Easthampton, in Hampshire County in said Com-
monwealth with warranty covenants
The land in Longmeadow in said Hampden County known and designated as Lot
Eleven (11) on the plan of lots known as Brookline, which said plan is record-
ed in the Hampden County Registry of Deeds in Book 3 of plans page 144. Said
lot is more particularly bounded and described as follows: on the north by Lot
Ꮑ