BOOK 945
535
Fourth, no use shall be made of the premises which shall be detrimental to
any of this tract for residential purposes.
•
To Have and to Hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and
appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said Gilbert, A. Keegan and his heirs
and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever.
And I hereby for myself as such trustee, and my successors, covenant with
the grantee and his heirs and assigns that as such trustee, I am lawfully
seized in fee-simple of the granted premises; that they are free from all in-
cumbrances; except as aforesaid.
That as such trustee, I have a good right to sell and convey the same as
aforesaid; and that as such trustee, I will and my successors shall warrant
and defend the same to the grantee and his heirs and assigns forever against
the lawful claims and demands of all persons.
hereunto
In Witness Whereof I the said Charles M. Jacobs as such trustee
set my hand and seal this 7th day of October in the year one thousand nine
535
hundred and sixteen.
Signed and sealed in presence of
}
Charles M.
Jacobs
&Seal
Trustee of Parkleigh Realty Trust
Commonwealth of Massachusetts
Hampden ss. October 7, 1916. Then personally appeared the above named Charles
M. Jacobs trustee, and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be his free
act and deed, before me, John D. Faps, Justice of the Peace.
Rec'd Oct. 9, 1916 and Reg'd from the original
to
A.T.Spooner Co.
I, Edwin H. Robbins of Springfield, Hampden County, Massachusetts for conEdwin H. Robbins
sideration paid, grant to the A.T.Spooner Company, a corporation established
by law, having a usual place of business in Easthampton Hampshire County,
Massachusetts with warranty covenants the land in Longmeadow in said Hampden
County known and designated as Lot Fourteen (14) as shown on a plan of lots
known as Brookline, which said plan is recorded in the Hampden County Registry
of Deeds, in Book 3 of Plans Page 144. Said lot is more particularly bounded
and described as follows; on the north by Lot 33 on said plan 70.01 feet; on 1
the east by Lot 15 on said plan 100.65 feet; on the south by the Bliss Road 70
feet; and on the west by Lot 13 on said plan 101.48 feet.
Subject to the restrictions hereinafter mentioned, which are imposed upon
said premises for the benefit of my remaining premises and of any heretofore
¦conveyed by me. Saia restrictions terminate January 1st. 1935 and are the follow-
ing: that all buildings shall be placed and set back not less than 25 feet
from the street line, provided that steps, windows, porticos and other projec
tions appurtenant thereto are to be allowed in said reserved space; that any
dwelling house built upon said premises prior to the termination of these re-
strictions shall cost not less than Three thousand dollars; that no houseshall
be erected thereon for occupancy by more than one family; that no more than