BOOK 945
537
I, Hattie E. Robbins wife of said grantor release to said grantee all
rights of dower and homestead and other interests therein.
Witness our hands and seals this
Fourth day of October 1916.
Edwin H. Robbins
John McKean
Hattie E. Robbins
&Seal
&Seal
By E.H.Robbins her Attorney in fact
Commonwealth of Massachusetts
Hampden ss. Springfield, October 4th 1916. Then personally appeared the above
named Edwin H. Robbins and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be his
free act and deed, before me,
John McKean, Justice of the Peace.
537
Rec'd Oct. 9, 1916 and Reg'd from the original
Know all Men by these Presents, That the City of Chicopee, a municipal
corporation established by law in the County of Hampden and
Commonwealth
of Massachusetts, In consideration of Three dollars paid by John E. Williams
the receipt whereof is hereby acknow. edged, does hereby give, grant, sell and
convey unto the said Heirs and Assigns, a certain lot of land in said Chicopee
being a portion of Fairview Cemetery of Chicopee, and known and designated
as 1 Grave on Lot No. 101 on Hyacinth Path so called, as shown particularly on
a Plan of Lots in said Cemetery recorded in Hamden County Registry of Deeds
Book Page to which reference is to be made; and in a Plan of Lots deposited
in the Office of the City Clerk of said Chicopee.
Provided, and this deed is made upon these conditions, to wit;
City of Chicopee
to
John E. Williams
1. That the land hereby conveyed shall be used only as a burial place for
the dead, and that if the same shall ever be used for any other purpose it shall
thereupon be forfeited and revert to the city and its successors and assigns.
Copy of Deed
Original dated Aug-
ust 5, 1907
2. That the possession and use of said land shall be subject to all such
general regulation for the care, management and control of the Cemetery as have
been or shall hereafter be adopted by the commissioners of Fairview Cemetery.
To Have and to Hold the afore granted premises of the said John E. Wil-
liams his Heirs and Assigns, to their use and behoof forever.
And
said City does for itself, its successors and assigns, covenant
with the said John E. Williams his Heirs and Assigns, that said City is lawfully
seized in fee of the afore granted premises, that they are free of all incum-
brances; That it has good right to sell and convey the same to the said John E.
Williams and that it will warrant and defend the same premises to the said John
E. Williams-Heirs and Assigns, forever, against the lawful claims and demands
of all persons.
In Witness Whereof, the said City of Chicopee has caused its corporate
seal to be hereto affixed and these presents to be signed in its name and be-
half by Daniel J. Coakley, its Mayor, and Louis M. Dufault its Treasurer this
fourth day of October A.D. one thousand nine hundred and sixteen.