BOOK 945
105
Hampden,ss. July3rd 1916.
Commonwealth of Massachusetts
Then personally appeared the above-named Moses
Field and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be his free act and deed,
before me,
Frank J. Demond, Justice of the Peace.
Rec'd July 5, 1916 and Reg'd from the original
105
Know all Men by these Presents that I, Angelina Tebaldi, of Springfield Angelina Tebaldi
| Hampden County, Massachusetts for consideration paid, grant to Umbarto Tebal-
di, of said Springfield with warranty covenants the land in Ludlow, Hampden
| County, Massachusetts
to
Umbarto Tebaldi
Lots Twenty (20) and Twenty one (21) as shown on plan of lots recorded
in Hampden County Registry of Deeds in Book of Plans D Page 68 to which plan Stamp 50g & c'à
and record there of reference is hereby made for a more particular description.
Subject to existing restrictions.
Pasquale Tebaldi husband of said grantor release to said grantee all
rights of curtesy and homestead and other interests therein.
Witness our hands and seals this fifth day of July 1916.
John V Boy le
) Angelina Tebaldi
) Pasquale Tebaldi
&Seal
&Seal
See
B2060 P 413
Commonwealth of Massachusetts
Hampden ss. Springfield, Mass., July 5, 1916. Then personally appeared the
above named Angelina Tebaldi and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
her free act and deed, before me, John V. Boyle, Notary Public-
Justice of the Peace.
Rec'd July 6, 1916 and Reg'd from the original
I, Edwin H. Robbins of Springfield, Hampden County, Massachusetts for
consideration paid, grant to the A.T.Spooner Company a corporation having a
usual place of business in Easthampton, Hampshire County Massachusetts with
warranty covenants the land in Longmeadow in said county known and designated
as Lot Fifty-Five (55) on the plan of lots known as Brookline which said plan
is recorded in the Hampden County Registry of Deeds in Book 3 of Plans, Page
144. Said lot is more particularly bounded and described as follows:
Northerly by Lot 78 on said plan Seventy (70) feet; Easterly by Lot 56
1
Edwin H. Robbins
to
A.T.Spooner Co.
Stamps $1.00 & c'd
on said plan One hundred nine (109) feet; Southerly by Belleclaire Avenue
Seventy (70) feet%3B Westerly by Lot 54 on said plan One hundred nine (109) feet.
Subject to the restrictions hereinafter mentioned which are imposed up-
on said premises for the benefit of my remaining premises and of any hereto-
fore conveyed by me. Said restrictions terminate January 1st. 1935 and are
the following: That all buildings shall be placed and set back at least 25
feet from the street line; provided, that steps, windows, porticos and other
projections appurtenant thereto are to be allowed in said reserved space;
that any dwelling house built upon said premises before the termination of
these restrictions shall cost at least $4000.%; that no more than one dwelling