106
BOOK
945
house shall be erected on said lot; that no house shall be erected thereon
for occupancy by more than one family; that all out-buildings must be clap-
boarded and painted or shall be constructed of concrete; that no garage shall
be built nearer than 50 feet to the street line in front of said lot; that no
stables or henhouses shall be built on said lot%3B that no building previously
used shall be moved on to said lot without the written permission of the
grantor herein having been first obtained; that said lot shall not be resold
to a colored person, a Polander, or an Italian.
I, Hattie E. Robbins wife of said grantor release to said grantee all
rights of dower and homestead and other interests therein.
Witness our hands and seals this Thirtieth day of June 1916.
John McKean
Edwin H. Robbins
Hattie E. Robbins
& Seal
& Seal
By E.H.Robbins her attorney in fact
Commonwealth of Massachusetts
1
Hampden ss. Springfield, June 30th 1916. Then personally appeared the above
named Edwin H. Robbins and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be his
free act and deed, before me, John McKean, Justice of the Peace.
Rec'd July 6, 1916 and Reg'd from the original
Trs. Eastern Land
Trust
to
Mary Anna Chamberlain
Stamp 50% & c'd
Know all Men by these Presents That we Mary T. Cass of Woonsocket in
the County of Providence and State of Rhode Island and Annie M. Autran of
Providence in said County and State, Trustees of the Eastern Land Trust un-
| der Declaration of Trust dated June 21, 1911, and recorded in Hampden Coun-
ty Registry of Deeds Book 849 Page 7 hereinafter called the Grantors; in
consideration of One Dollar and other valuable considerations paid by Mary
Anna Chamberlain of Springfield, County of Hampden State of Massachusetts
hereinafter called the grantee, the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged,
do hereby give, grant, bargain, sell and convey unto the said grantee and
her heirs and assigns forever;
A certain lot of land situated in Springfield in the county of Hampden
and the State of Massachusetts being numbered One Hundred Nine (109) on plan
of Liberty Manor made by Merrill & Sears C.E. dated April 1913, and re-
corded in Hampden County Registry of Deeds, Book of Plans 4, Page 9, to
which reference may be had for a more particular description.
.
Said premises are conveyed subject to the following restrictions, which
terminate on the first day of January, A.D. 1933, imposed thereon for the
benefit of the remaining land of said grantors and of any premises heretofore
conveyed by said grantors, and which restrictions shall be binding upon the
said grantee, her heirs and assigns viz: first, that all buildings erected
or placed thereon shall be placed and set back not less than fifteen (15)
feet from the street line, provided that steps, windows, porticoes and other
projections appurtenant thereto may be within said distance; second, that
1
1