238
BOOK
BOOK 945
Witness my hand and seal this third day of August 1916.
Frank H. Reedy
) William A. Cunningham
Commonwealth of Massachusetts
&Seal
Hampden ss. Springfield Mass. August 3rd 1916. Then personally appeared the
above named William A. Cunningham and acknowledged the foregoing instrument
to be his free act and deed, before me, John D. O'Connor, Notary Public-
Rec'd Aug. 5, 1916 and Reg'd from the original
F
Edwin H. Robbins
to
Emma E. Hathaway
Stamps $1.00 & c'd
I, Edwin H. Robbins of Springfield, Hampden County, Massachusetts for
consideration paid grant to Emma E. Hathaway of Springfield in said County
with warranty covenants the land in Longmeadow, in said county known and des-
ignated as Lot Thirteen (13) on the plan of lots known as Brookline which said
plan is recorded in the Hampden County Registry of Deeds in Book 3 of Plans,
Page 144. Said lot is more particularly bounded and described as follows:
Northerly by Lot 34 on said plan Seventy (70) feet; Easterly by Lot 14
on said plan One hundred one and 48/100 (101.48) feet%3 Southerly by Bliss Road
Seventy (70) feet; and Westerly by Dayton Street One hundred two and 32/100
(102.32) feet.
}
Subject to the restrictions hereinafter mentioned which are imposed on
these premises for the benefit of my remaining premises and of any heretofore
conveyed by me. Said restrictions terminate January 1st. 1935 and are the
following: That all buildings shall be placed and set back at least 25 feet
from the street line; provided, however, that steps, windows, porticos and
other projections appurtenant thereto are to be allowed in said reserved space
that any dwelling house built upon said premises before the termination of
these restrictions shall cost at least $3000.%; that no more than one dwelling,
house shall be erected on said lot%3B that no house shall be erected there on
for occupancy by more than one family; that all out-buildings must be clap-
boarded and painted or shall be constructed of concrete or cement%3B that no
stables or garages shall be built nearer than 50 feet to the street line in
front of said lot; that no building previously used shall be moved on to said
lot without the written permission of the grantor herein having been first
obtained. That said lot shall not be resold to a colored person, a Polander'
or an Italian.
4
==
I, Hattie E. Robbins wife of said grantor release to said grantee all
rights of dower and homestead and other interests therein.
1
1
}
Witness our hands and seals this Thirtieth day of June 1916.
John McKean
) Edwin H. Robbins
& Seal
) Hattie E. Robbins
&Seal
) By E.H.Robbins her Attorney in fact.
Commonwealth of Massachusetts
Hampden ss. Springfield June 30th 1916. Then personally appeared the above
named Edwin H. Robbins and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be his free
act and deed, before me,
John McKean, Justice of the Peace.
Rec'd Aug. 5, 1916 and Reg'd from the original
ха