BOOK 945
141
Witness our hands and seals this fifteenth day of July 1916.
F.A.Ballou to both
) Ursula Syriac
Edmond Syriac
& Seal
&Seal
Commonwealth of Massachusetts
Hampden ss July 15, 1916. Then personally appeared the above named Ursula Syri-
ac and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be her free act and deed,
141
before me,
Frederic A. Ballou, Justice of the Peace,
Rec'd July 17, 1916 and Reg'd from the original
I, Edwin H. Robbins of Springfield, Hampden County, Massachusetts for
consideration paid, grant to the A.T.Spooner Company & corporation established
Edwin H. Robbins
to
by law, and having a usual place of business in Easthampton Hampshire County, A.T.Spooner Co.
Massachusetts of with warranty covenants the land in Longmeadow, in said
county known and designated as Lot Twelve (12) on the plan of lots known as
Brookline, which said plan is recorded in the Hampden County Registry of DeedsStamps $1.00 & c'd
in Book 3 of Plans, Page 144.
Said lot is more particularly bounded and described as follows: North-
erly by Lot 35 on said plan Seventy and 1/100 (70.01) feet; Easterly by Day-
ton Street One hundred three and 4/100 (103.04) feet; Southerly by Bliss
Road Seventy (70) feet; and Westerly by Lot 11 on said plan One hundred three
and 88/100 (103.88) feet.
Subject to the restrictions hereinafter mentioned which are imposed up-
on said premises for the benefit of my remaining premises and of any hereto-
fore conveyed by me. Said restrictions terminate January 1st. 1935 and are
the following: that all buildings shall be placed and set back at least twen-
ty-five feet from the street line provided that steps, windows, porticos and
other projections appurtenant thereto are to be allowed in said reserved space;
that any dwelling house built upon these premises before the termination of
these restrictions shall cost at least $4000. that no more than one dwelling
house shall be built on said lot%3B that no house shall be erected thereon for
occupancy by more than one family; that all outbuildings shall be clap-boarded
and painted or shall be constructed of concrete; that no stables or henhouses
shall be built on said lot; that no garage shall be built nearer than 40 feet
to the street line in front of said lot; that no old building shall be moved
on to said lot without the written permission of the grantor herein having
been first obtained; that said lot shall not be resold to a colored person, a
Polander, or an Italian.
I, Hattie E. Robbins wife of said grantor release to said grantee all
rights of dower and homestead and other interests therein.
E
Witness our hands and seals this Seventh day of July 1916.
J.H.Mulcare
) Edwin H. Robbins
& Seal
) Hattie E. Robbins
&Seal
) By E.H.Robbins her attorney in fact.