536
BOOK 945
one dwelling house shall be erected on said lot;B that all outbuildings shall
be clapboarded and painted, or shall be constructed of concrete or cement;
that no stable or garage shall be erected thereon nearer than 50 feet to the
street line; that no old buildings shall be moved thereon without my written
consent having first been obtained; that said lot shall not be resold to a
colored person, a Polander or an Italian.
I, Hattie E. Robbins wife of said grantor release to said grantee all
rights of dower and homestead and other interests the rein.
Witness our hands and seals this thirtieth day of September 1916.
John McKean
) Edwin H. Robbins
) Hattie E. Robbins
& Seal
&Seal
) By E.H.Robbins her Attorney in fact
Commonwealth of Massachusetts
Hampden ss. Springfield September 30th 1916. Then personally appeared the
above named Edwin H. Robbins and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to
be his free act and deed, before me, John McKean, Justice of the Peace.
Rec'd Oct. 9, 1916 and Reg'd from the original
1
1
Edwin H. Robbins
to
A. T. Spooner Co.
1
I, Edwin H. Robbins of Springfield, Hampden County Massachusetts for
consideration paid, grant to the A.T. Spooner Company, a corporation duly
established by law, and having a usual place of business in Easthampton, Hamp-|
shire County, with warranty covenants the land in Longmeadow in said Hampden
County known and designated as Lot Fifteen (15) on the plan of lots known as
Brookline, which said plan is recorded in the Hampden County Registry of
Deeds in Book 3 of Plans Page 144. Said lot is more particularly bounded and
described as follows: on the north by Lot 32 on said plan 70 feet more or less;
on the east by Lot 17 on said plan 100 feet; on the south by Bliss Road 71.85
feet, and on the west by Lot 14 on said plan 100.65 feet.
Subject to the restrictions hereinafter mentioned which are imposed upon
said premises for the benefit of my remaining premises and of any heretofore
conveyed by me. Said restrictions terminate January 1st 1935 and are the
following: that all buildings shall be placed and set back at least 25 feet
from the street line, provided that steps, windows, porticos, and other pro-
jections appurtenant thereto are to be allowed in said reserved space; that
any dwelling house built upon said premises before the termination of these
restrictions shall cost not less than three thousand dollars; that no house
shall be erected thereon for occupancy by more than one family; that no more
than one dwelling house shall be erected on said lot; that all outbuildings
shall be clapboarded and painted, or shall be constructed of concrete or ce-
ment; that no stable or garage shall be erected there on nearer than 50 feet
to the street line; that no old buildings shall be moved thereon without my
wiltten consent having first been obtained; that said lot shall not be resold
to a colored person, a Polander or an Italian.
1
}