360
BOOK 965
State of Connecticut
County of Fairfield
ss. Stamford, December 4th A.D. 1916, on this 4th
day of December 1916, before me personally appeared Alfred Barone and Ro-
-
sena Barone, to me known to be the persons described in and who executed the
foregoing instrument, and acknowledged that they executed the same as their
free act and deed.
Warren F. Cressy, Notary Public (L.S.)
Rec'd Jan. 9, 1917 and Reg'd from the original
James L. Warner
to
William H. Graves
Know all Men by these Presents I, James L. Werner of Hartford, Hartford
County Massachusetts
County, Connecticut being unmarried, for consideration paid, grant to
William H. Graves of Palmer, Hampden County, Massachusetts, with warranty
covenants
A certain tract of land containing about four and one half acres, sit-
uated in the northwesterly part of Monson, in said County of Hampden, in-
bluding the buildings thereon, and being bounded and described as follows;
Beginning at the intersection of an old discontinued road with the
southerly location line of the Boston and Albany Railroad and running thence
Easterly on the line of said railroad about two hundred forty seven (247) feet
to a section of steel rail planted in the ground; thence Southerly along a
wire fence and on land now or lately of one Calkins about four hundred and
fifty seven (457) feet to a drill hole in a rock at a fence corner; then ce
Southwesterly along a wire fence and on the line of other land of said Cal-
kins about four hundred (400) feet to a drill hole in a rock at the foot of
an oak tree beside the Silver street road, so called; thence Northerly along
the Silver street road and the old discontinued road about six hundred and
forty three (643) feet to the place of beginning.
I, Mildred Warner, wife of said grantor release to said grantee all
rights of dower and homestead and other interests therein.
Witness our hands and seals this ninth day of January 1917.
E.H.Whitmore
C.Burton Gibbs
) Mildred Warner
James L.Warner
Commonwealth of Massachusetts
& Seal
&Seal
Hampden ss. Springfield, Mass., January 9, 1917. Then personally appeared the
f
above named James L.Warner and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
his free act and deed, before me, C.Burton Gibbs, Justice of the Peace.
Rec'd Jan. 9, 1917 and Reg'd from the original
Edwin H.Robbins
to
I, Edwin H. Robbins of Springfield, Hampden County, Massachusetts,
for consideration paid, “grant to Charles B.Atwater of said Springfield with
Charles B. Atwater warranty covenants the land in Longmeadow in said county known and designa-
ted as Lots Two (2) and Forty seven (47) on the plan of lots known as Brook-
line which said plan is recorded in the Hampden County Registry of Deeds
in Book 3 of Plans Page 144. Said lots are more particularly bounded as fol-
lows;