Մ
BOOK 965
361
1
'
Said Lot 2 is bounded Northerly by lot #45 on said plan seventy and one
one hundredths (70.01) feet; Easterly by Lot #23 on said plan one hundred
eleven and forty one one hundredths (111.41) feet; Southerly by Bliss Road
seventy (70) feet%;B and Westerly by Lots #1 and #46 on said plan one hundred
twelve and twenty five one hundredths (112.25) feet.
Said Lot 47 is bounded Northerly by Belleclaire Avenue one hundred twen-
ty and six one hundredths (120.06) feet; Easterly by lot #45 on said plan
seventy and sixty one hundredths (70.60) feet; Southerly by lot #16 on said
plan one hundred thirty four and seventy nine one hundredths (134.79) feet;
and Westerly by Longmeadow Street seventy five (75) feet.
Said property is conveyed subject to the following restrictions which
are imposed upon said property for the benefit of my remaining premises and
of any heretofore conveyed by me. Said restrictions terminate January 1st,
1935 and are the following; that all buildings shall be placed and set
back at least twenty five (25) feet from the street line provided that steps
porticos and other projections appurtenant thereto are to be allowed in said
reserved space; that any dwelling house built upon said Lot 47 before the
termination of these restrictions shall cost not less than $5000. and on said
Lot 2 not less than $4000; that no more than one dwelling house shall be
erected on said lot; that no house shall be erected thereon for occupancy by
more than one family; that no building previously used shall be moved on to
said premises without the written permission of the grantor herein having
been first obtained; that all out buildings shall be clap boarded and painted
or shall be constructed of concrete; that no stables or henhouses shall be
built on said lots; that no garage shall be erected nearer than fifty feet
to the street line in front of said lots; that said lots shall not be resold
to a colored person, a Polander, or an Italian.
I, Hattie E. Robbins wife of said grantor release to said grantee all
rights of dower and homestead and other interests therein.
Witness our hands and seals this Fifth day of January 1917.
John McKean
Edwin H. Robbins
Hattie E.Robbins
&Seal
&Seal
By E.H.Robbins her Attorney in fact
Commonwealth of Massachusetts
Hampden ss. Springfield, January 5th 1917. Then personally appeared the above
named Edwin H.Robbins and acknowledged the foregoing instrument, to be his free
act and deed, before me, John McKean, Justice of the Peace.
Rec'd Jan. 9, 1917 and Reg'd from the original
Charles L.Towne
to
I, Charles L.Towne of Springfield, Hampden County, Massachusetts for
consideration paid, grant to Frank E. Fuller of said Springfield, with war-
ranty covenants the land in said Springfield with the buildings thereon sit- Frank E. Fuller
uated on the southerly side of Quincy Street bounded and described as follows;