310
BOOK 965
buildings shall be clap boarded and painted or shall be constructed of con-
}
crete; that no stable or Henhouse shall be built on seid lot, that said lot
1
shall not be resold to a colored person, a Polander, or an Italian; that no
=
garage shall be built on said lot nearer than 50 feet to the street line.
I, Hattie E.Robbins wife of said grantor release to said grantee all
rights of dower and homestead and other interests therein.
Witness our hands and seals this twenty seventh day of December 1916.
John McKean
) Edwin H.Robbins
) Hattie E.Robbins
& Seal
& Seal
) By E.H.Robbins her Attorney in fact
Commonwealth of Massachusetts
Hampden ss. Springfield, December 27th 1916. Then personally appeared the
above named Edwin. H.Robbins and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
his free act and deed, before me, John McKean, Justice of the Peace.
Rec'd Dec. 28, 1916 and Reg'd from the original
Martha L.Miller
to
Oliver W.Miller
I, Martha Ĺ. Miller widow of Oliver B.Miller of Springfield Hampden
County, Massachusetts being unmarried, for consideration paid, grant to Oliver
V. Miller of of Turners Falls, Massachusetts with quitclaim covenants the
land in Ludlow on Mine chaug Mountain Consisting of about seven acres of land
and being one of the lots bequeathed to me by my husband Oliver B. Miller.
Subject to the rights of Henry Munsing to cut the standing wood thereon. Mean-
ing and intending to convey all the land owned by my late husband at his
decease, on Mine chaug Mountain and known as the Mountain Lot.
د
Witness my hand and seal this twenty second day of March 1916.
George W.Fairfield
) Martha L.Miller
}
& Seal
Commonwealth of Massachusetts
Hampden ás. March 22, 1916.
Then personally appeared the above named Martha
L.Miller and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be her free act and
deed, before me, George W. Fairfield, Notary Public (L.S.)
'
Rec'd
Dec. 28, 1916 and Reg'd from the original
August Leisegang
to
Augusta Leisegang
I, August Leisegang of Westfield, Hampden County, Massachusetts, for
consideration paid, grant to Augusta Leisegang, wife of the said August
Leisegang of said Westfield with quitclaim covenants an undivided one half
interest in and to the land in said Westfield, bounded and described as fol-
lows:
North on land of James Barkley; East on Crown Street; South on land of
one Daley and land now or formerly of Collins and Carpenter, said south line
being a straight line; West on land formerly of G.H. Bush, said tract being
about Four (4) rods on Crown Street, and about Twelve (12) rods deep.
Being the same premises conveyed to the Grantor and August Grubert by
t