BOOK 965
309
State of New York
County of New York
) ss
I, William F. Schneider, Clerk of the County of
New York, and also Clerk of the Supreme Court for said County, the same be-
24
ing a Court of Record, Do Hereby Certify that Bessie Smith whose name is sub-
scribed to the deposition or certificate of the proof or acknowledgment of
the annexed instrument, and thereon written, was, at the time of taking such
deposition, or proof or acknowledgment, a Commissioner of Deeds in and for
the City of New York, duly commissioned and sworn and authorized by the laws
of said State, to take depositions and also to administer oaths to be used
in any Court in said State and for general purposes; and also to take acknow
ledgments and proofs of deeds, of conveyances for land, tenements or heredita-
ments in said State of New York, And further that I am well acquainted with
the handwriting of such Commissioner of Deeds, and verily believe that the
signature to such deposition or certificate of proof or acknowledgment is
genuine.
In Testimony Whereof I have hereunto set my hand and affixed the seal
of the said Court and County the 30 day of Oct. 1916.
1
Wm. F.Schneider, Clerk (L.S.)
Rec'd Dec. 28, 1916 and Reg'd from the original
Edwin H.Robbins
to
I, Edwin H.Robbins of Springfield, Hampden County, Massachusetts for
consideration paid, grant to Christine W.Dexter of said Springfield with
warranty covenants the land in Longmeadow in said County known and designated Christine W.Dexter
as Lot Eighty five (85) on the plan of lots known as Brookline, which said
plan is recorded in the Hampden County Registry of Deeds in Book 3 of Plans
Page 144. Said lot is more particularly bounded and described as follows:
1
Northerly by Lot #286 on said plan One hundred thirty four and 49/100
(134.49) feet; Easterly by lots #49 and #84 on said plan seventy two and
66/100 (72.66) feet; Southerly by lot #48 on said plan one hundred forty
seven and 24/100 (147.24) feet; and Westerly by Longmeadow Street seventy
three and 77/100 (73.77) feet.
Subject to the restrictions hereinafter mentioned which are imposed
upon said premises for the benefit of my remaining premises and of any
heretofore conveyed by me. Said restrictions terminate January 1st. 1935
and are the following: that all buildings shall be placed and set back not
less than twenty five (25) feet from the street line, provided that steps,
windows, porticos and other projections appurtenant, thereto are to be allowed
in said reserved space; that any dwelling house built upon said premises
before the termination of these restrictions shall cost at least $5000;
that no more than one dwelling house shall be erected on said lot; that no
house shall be erected thereon for occupancy by more than one family; that
no building previously used shall be moved on to said lot without the written
permission of the grantor herein having been first obtained; that all out-