BOOK 971
377
Signed and sealed in presence of )
H.B. Putnam to both /
Lena A.Allen'
Frank All en
Commonwealth of Massachusetts
&Seal
& Seal
Hampden ss. April 28th 1917. Then personally appeared the above named Lena
A. Allen and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be her free act and
deed, before me, Harry B.Putnam, Justice of the Peace.
الحميدة
Rec'd May 2, 1917 and Reg'd from the original
'
ĭ
I, Edwin H.Robbins of Springfield, Hampden County, Massachusetts for
consideration paid, grant to A.T.Spooner Company, a corporation duly es-
tablished by law and having a place of business in said Springfield with
warranty covenants the land in Longmeadow in said County known and designated
as Lot Seventeen (17) on the plan of lots known as Brookline which said plan
is recorded in the Hampden County Registry of Deeds in Book 3 of Plans,
Page 144.
१
Said lot is more particularly bounded and described as follows: North-
erly by lot 30 on said plan 67 feet more or less; Easterly by lot 18 on
said plan 100. feet; Southerly by Bliss Road 70 feet; and Westerly by lot
15 on said plan 100 feet.
☑
'
t
-
Subject to the restrictions hereinafter mentioned which are imposed
upon said premises for the benefit of my remaining premises and of any
heretofore conveyed by me. Said restrictions terminate January 1st. 1935
and are the following: that all buildings shall be placed and set back at
least 25 feet from the street, line provided, however, steps, porticos and
other projections appurtenant thereto shall be allowed in said reserved
space; that any dwelling house built upon said premises shall cost at least
$3000; that no more than one dwelling house shall be erected on said lot;
that no house shall be erected thereon for occupancy by more than one family
that no house previously used can be moved on to said lot without the written
permission of the grantor herein; that no stables or garages shall be built
nearer that fifty feet to the street line; that all out buildings shall be
"
=
clap boarded and painted or shall be constructed of concrete; that said
lots shall not be resold to a colored person, a Polander or an Italian.
-
Subject also to the taxes for this current year which the grantee herein
assumes and agrees to pay.
I, Hattie E.Robbins wife of said grantor release to said grantee all
rights of dower and homestead and other interests therein.
Witness our hands and seals this Ninth day of April 1917.
Edwin H. Robbins
to
A.T.Spooner Company
←
John McKean
) Edwin H.Robbins
) Hattle E.Robbins
&Seal
&Seal
) By E.H.Robbins her Attorney
) in fact
Commonwealth of Massachusetts
Hampden ss. Springfield, April 9th 1917. Then personally appeared the above
named Edwin H.Robbins and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be his free
act and deed, before me, John McKean, Justice of the Peace.
Rec'd May 2, 1917 and Reg'd from the original