194
BOOK 971
✓
Also a certain plot of land located in West Springfield known and
designated as lot # (58) on a plan of lots made by Steele Bros. Engineers,
called City View Park. Said lot being located on Westfield Street, West
Springfield, Massachusetts, and a Plan of which is recorded in the Hamp-
den County Registry of Deeds, Book of Plans #3, Page 98, and to which plan
reference is hereby made for further description.
Said lot is subject to a mortgage of Two Hundred ($200.00) Dollars
i
and to all the restrictions on said Tract.
I Marion L.Shumway wife of said grantor release to said grantee all
rights of dower and homestead and other interests therein.
Witness my hand-and seal this twentieth day of March 1917.
Everett A.Pierce
.:
) Paul L.Shumway
) Marion L.Shumway
Commonwealth of Massachusetts
&Seal
&Seal
Hampden-ss. Springfield, March 20th 1917 Then personally appeared the
above named Paul L.Shumway and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
his free act`and deed, before me, Everett A.Pierde, Justice of the Peace.
Rec'd April 6, 1917 and Reg'd from the original
Edwin H.Robbins
to
A.T. Spooner Co.
.
I, Edwin H.Robbins of Springfield, Hampden County, Massachusetts for
consideration paid, grant to the A.T. Spooner Company a corporation duly
established by law and having a place of business in said Springfield with
warranty covenants the land in Longmeadow in said County known and desig-
nated as Lot Nineteen (19) on the plan of lots known as Brookline which
said plan is recorded in the Hampden County Registry of Deeds in Book 3
of Plans Page 144.
f
Said lot is more particularly bounded and described as follows; North-
erly by lot 28 on said plan 67 feet more or less; Easterly by lot 20 on
said plan 100 feet; Southerly by Bliss Road 70 feet; and Westerly by lot
18 on said plan 100 feet...
Subject to the restrictions hereinafter mentioned which are imposed
upon said property for the benefit of my remaining property and of any
heretofore conveyed by me. Said restrictions terminate January 1st. 1935
and are the following; that all buildings shall be placed and set back not
Less than 25 feet from the street line, provided, however, that steps,
windows, porticos and other projections appurtenant thereto are to be
allowed in said reserved space; that any dwelling house built upon said
premises before the termination of these restrictions shall cost at least
$3000; that no more than one dwelling house shall be erected on said lot;
that no house shall be erected thereon forea
Occupancy by more than one
family; that no house previously used shall be moved on to said lot with-
out the written permission of the grantor herein having been first ob-
tained; that no stables or garages shall be built nearer than 50 feet to
2
S
1