7
214
BOOK 971
Subject to the restrictions hereinafter mentioned which are imposed
upon said property for the benefit of my remaining property and of any
heretofore conveyed by me. Said restrictions terminate January 1st.1935
and are the following; that all buildings shall be placed and set back at
least 25 feet from the street line, provided, however, that steps, windows
porticos, and other projections appurtenant thereto are to be allowed in
said reserved space; that any dwelling house built upon said premises be-
fore the termination of these restrictions shall cost at least $4000.;
that no more than one dwelling house shall be erected on said lot; that
no house shall be erected thereon for occupancy by more than one family;
that no house previously used shall be moved onto said lot without the
written permission of the grantor herein having been first obtained; that
no stables or henhouses shall be built on said lot; that no garage shall
be built on said lot nearer than 50 feet to the street line; that all out
buildings shall be clap boarded and painted or shall be built of concrete;
that said lots shall not be resold to a colored person, a Polander or an
Italian.
Subject also to the taxes for this current year which the grantees
herein assume and agree to pay.
°
-
This property is conveyed to the grantees herein as joint tenants. and
not as tenants in common.
n
I, Hattie E.Robbins wife of said grantor release to said grantee all'
rights of dower and homestead and other interests therein.
Witness our hands and seals this Third day of April 1917.
John McKean
)
Edwin H.Robbins
Hattie E.Robbins
&Seal
& Seal
By E.H.Robbins her Attorney in fact
Commonwealth of Massachusetts
Hampden ss. Springfield, April 3rd 1917. Then personally appeared the
above named Edwin H.Robbins and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to
be his free act and deed, before me, John McKean, Justice of the Peace.
Rec'd April 10, 1917 and Reg'd from the original
J.W.Wilbur Co. Inc.
to
Luisa Rossi
'
↑
Know all Men by these Presents That the J.W.Wilbur Company, Incorpor-
ated, a corporation duly established under the laws of the Commonwealth of
Massachusetts, and having its usual place of business at 89 State Street
in Boston, County of Suffolk, and Commonwealth aforesaid, in consideration
of one Dollar and other good and valuable considerations, to it paid by
Luisa Rossi residing at 64 Wilcox Street in Springfield in the County of
Hampden and Commonwealth aforesaid, the receipt whereof is hereby acknow-
ledged, does hereby give, grant, bargain, sell and convey unto the said
Luisa Rossi and her heirs and assigns forever three certain lots or par-
cels of land situated on Clyde Avenue in West Springfield in the County
of Hampden and Commonwealth aforesaid, being lots numbered eleven hundred