من
BOOK 971-
195
I
the street line; that all out buildings must be clap boarded and painted or
constructed of concrete; that said lots shall not be resold to a colored
person, a Polander or an Italian.
Subject also to the taxes for this current year which the grantee herein
assumes and agrees to pay.
I, Hattie E.Robbins wife of said grantor release to said grantee all
rights of dower and hamestead and other interests therein.
Witness our hands and seals this third day of April 1917.
John McKean
1351
Edwin H.Robbins
Hattie E.Robbins
&Seal
&Seal
By E.H.Robbins her Attorney in fact
Commonwealth of Massachusetts
Hampden ss. Springfield, April 3rd 1917. Then personally appeared the above
named Edwin H.Robbins and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be his“.
free act and deed, before me, John McKean, Justice of the Peace
f
Rec'd April 6-1917 and Reg'd'from the original`
1
1
-
Know all Men by these Presents We, Nora Shea and Micheal F. Shea (hus-
band and wife) of Holyoke, Hampden County, Massachusetts for consideration
paid, grant to Mary Shea, Anna Shea, Michael A.Shea, and William J.Shea, all
of Holyoke, in said County, with quit claim covenants a one half undivided
interest in the land in said Holyoke together with the buildings thereon,
bounded and described as follows, viz; Beginning at the point of intersec
tion of the southerly side of Highland Street with the westerly side of
Walnut Street as laid out on the plan of lots made by W.H.. Butler for Chap-
man and Davis, Trustees, and thence running southerly along said westerly …
side of said Walnut Street one hundred (100) feet, thence westerly at a right
angle to said Walnut Street sixty (60) feet, thence northerly and parallel
with said Walnut Street one hundred (100) feet to the said southerly side of
said Highland Street and thence easterly along said southerly side of said.
Highland Street sixty (60) feet to the place of beginning, containing 6,000
square feet, more or less.
+
I, Michael F.Shea, husband of said grantor release to said grantee all-
rights of curtesy and homestead and other interests therein.
Witness our hands and seals this Fourth day of April 1917..
Nora Shea &c.
to
Mary Shea &c.
F.J.McKay
her
* Nora X Shea
mark
Michael F.Shea
& Seal
&Seal
Commonwealth of Massachusetts
Hampden ss. April 4th 1917. Then personally appeared the above named Nora
Shea and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be her free act and deed, be-
fore me, Frank J.McKay, Justice of the Peace.
Rec'd April 7, 1917 and Reg'd from the original
.0