ینی
BOOK 971
213
thereon, situated on Green Acre Ave. in Longmeadow, Hampden County, Massa-
.
chusetts, described as lot No. 11 as shown on a plan of Green Acres drawn by
Steele Bros., Engineers, dated January 1914 and recorded at Hampden County
Registry of Deeds, Plan Book A, Page 90.
The said lot being the premises conveyed to us by Fred L. and Robert J.
LaBroad in their deed dated February 16, 1917, recorded at Hampden County.
Registry of Deeds, Book 969, Page, 162.
The said lot is conveyed subject to taxes for the current year, to the
restrictions of record thereon, and to a first mortgage given by us to the
North Brookfield Savings Bank upon which $3,000.00 of principal remains
unpaid, which mortgage the grantee herein assumes and agrees to pay as a part
of the consideration for this conveyance.
To Have and to Hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and
appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said Anna Phelps Crocker and her
heirs and assigns to their own use and behoof forever.
'
And we hereby for ourselves and our successors and assigns Covenant
with the grantee and her heirs and assigns, that we are lawfully seized in
fee simple of the granted premises; that they are free from all incumbrances
except as aforesaid; that we have good right to sell and convey the same as
aforesaid, and that we will and our successors and assignsshall Warrant and
Defend the same to the grantee, her heirs and assigns forever against the
lawful claims and demands of all persons claiming through, by or under us.
In Witness Whereof wo, the said Ernest W.Carman and Archer W. Davidson
as Trustees aforesaid, hereunto set our hands and seals this sixth day of
April 1917.
Signed and Sealed in
the presence of
) Trustees. ) Ernest W.Carman
) Berkshire
&Seal
J.Harry Allen
) Realty
) Trust
Archer W.Davidson
Commonwealth of Massachusetts
&Seal
Hampden ss. April 9th 1917. Then personally appeared the above named Ernest
W. Carman and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be their free act and
deed, before me, J.Harry Allen, Justice of the Peace.
Rec'd April 10, 1917 and Reg'd from the original
i
I, Edwin H.Robbins of Springfield, Hampden County, Massachusetts for
consideration paid, grant to Arthur E. Collins and Myra E. Collins, husband and
wife, of Chicopee Falls in said County with warranty covenants the land in
Longmeadow in said County known and designated as Lot Fifty seven (57) on
the plan of lots known as Brookline which said plan is recorded in the Hamp-
den County Registry of Deeds, in Book 3 of Plans, Page 144..
Said lot is more particularly bounded and described as follows; Norther-
ly by lot 76 on said plan 70 feet; Easterly by Lot 58 on said plan 109.0 feet)
Southerly by Belleclaire Avenue 70 feet; and Westerly by lot 56 on said plan
109.0 feet.
Edwin H.Robbins
to
Arthur E. Collins &C
: