348
BOOK 985
That no old buildings shall be moved on said lot and that no building
shall be erected on said lot nearer than 15 feet to the street line.. That
no building costing less than $1500 shall be erected thereon. That no'
barn or outbuilding shall be erected on said lot nearer than 50 feet to
the street line.
Witness our hands and seals this 28th day of August 1917.
Eugene E. Fiske
for both
James H. Boyle
) John V. Boyle
Commonwealth of Massachusetts
& Seal
& Seal
Edwin H. Robbins
to
Hampden ss: Springfield, Mass., Aug. 28th 1917. Then personally appeared
the above named James H. Boyle and John V.Boyle and acknowledged the fore-
going instrument to be their free act and deed, before me,
Eugene E. Fiske, Notary Public (L.S.)
Rec'd Aug. 28, 1917 and Reg'd from the original
I, Edwin H. Robbins of Springfield, Hampden County, Massachusetts for
consideration paid, grant to Bernhard Radding of said Springfield with war-
Bernhard Radding ranty covenants the land in Longmeadow in said Hampden County known and
designated as Lot Thirty Six (36) on the plan of lots known as Brookline,
which said plan is recorded in the Hampden County Registry of Deeds in Book
3 of Plans Page 144. Said lot is more particularly bounded and described
as follows: on the north by Bellecleire Avenue 70 feet; on the east by Lot
35 on said plan 103.39 feet; on the south by Lot 11 on said plan 70 feet;
and on the west by Lot 37 on said plan 104.22 feet.Subject to the restric-
tions hereinafter mentioned which are imposed upon said premises for the
benefit of my remaining premises and for the benefit of any heretofore con-
veyed by me. Said restrictions terminate January 1st. 1935 and are the fol-
lowing; that all buildings shall be placed and set back not less than
twenty five feet from the street line provided that steps, windows, porti-
cos and other projections appurtenant thereto are to be allowed in said re-
served space; that any house built upon said lot before the termination of
these restrictions shall cost at least $4000.; that no more than one dwell-
ing house shall be erected on said lot; that no house shall be erected
thereon for occupancy by more than one family; that all outbuildings must
be clapboarded and painted or shall be constructed of concrete or cement;
that no stables or henhouses shall be erected on said lot; that no garage
shall be erected thereon nearer than fifty feet to the street line; that
no old house shall be removed on to said lot without my written consent
having first been obtained; and that said lot shall not be resold to an
Italian, a Polander or a colored person.
'
Subject to a mortgage heretofore given by Edwin H. Robbins to Hattie
M. Bliss, in which mortgage there is a clause whereby it is agreed that said
lot may be released from said mortgage by the payment of $450.
Also subject to the taxes for the current year, which the grantee
assumes and agrees to pay.
I, Hattie E. Robbins wife of said grantor release to said grantee all
rights of dower and homestead and other interests therein.