BOOK 985
433
shall be constructed of concrete; that no stables or henhouses shall be
erected on said lot; that no garage shall be erected on said lot nearer than
fifty feet to the street line; that no used building shall be moved on to
said lot without the written permission of the grantor herein. Thatsaid lots
shall not be resold to a colored person, a Polander, or an Italian.
I, Hattie E. Robbins wife of said grantor release to said grantee all rights
of dower end homestead and other interests therein.
Witness our hands and seals this Fourteenth day of September 1917.
Edwin H. Robbins
Hattie E. Robbins
& Seal
&Seal
John McKean
By E. H. Robbins her Attorney in fact
Commonwealth of Massachusetts
Hampden ss Springfield, September 14th 1917. Then personally appeared the above
named Edwin H. Robbins and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be his free
act and deed, before me, John McKean, Justice of the Peace.
Rec'd Sept. 20, 1917 and Reg'd from the original
to
Know all Men by these Presents I, James H. Boyle of Springfield, Hampden James H. Boyle
County, Massachusetts being unmarried, for consideration paid, grant to
Vittorio Rosso of Agawam Hampden County, Massachusetts with warranty covenants
the land in Agawam, Hampden County Massachusetts,
Lots 146-147-148-149-150 as shown on Plan of Lots called "Lincoln Park"
recorded in Hampden County Registry of Deeds in File 321 to which Plan and
Record thereof reference is hereby made for a more particular description.
Subject to the following restrictions.First: no old buildings shall be
moved on said lots. Second: no building (dwelling) shall be erected on said
lots nearer than 15 feet to the street line. Third: no barns or out buildings
shall be erected on said lots nearer than 50 feet to the street line.
Witness my hand and seal this twenty seventh day of August 1917.
Vittorio Rosso
John V. Boyle
}
James H. Boyle
& Seal
Commonwealth of Massachusetts
Hampden ss. Springfield, Mass., Aug. 27, 1917. Then personally appeared the
above named James H. Boyle and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be his
free act and deed, before me, John V. Boyle, Notary Public (L.S.)
Rec'd Sept. 20, 1917 and Reg'd' from the original
Know all Men by these Presents That I, Fred C. Tobey of Brookline, in
the County of Norfolk and Commonwealth of Massachusetts, Trustee of the Fred
+
"
Trustee
Fred C. Tobey: Land Co
to
Medric E. Brizard
C. Tobey Land Company, under a Declaration of Trust dated February 1, 1910,
and recorded with Hampden County Registry of Deeds, Book 873, Page 232, by
virtue and in execution of the powers therein vested in me and of every other
power and authority me hereto enabling, and in consideration of One dollar and
other valuable considerations to me paid by Medric E. Brizard, hereinafter called
the grantee of Fairview, in the county of Hampden in the State of Massachusetts,
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, bargain, sell
and convey unto the said grantee and his heirs and assigns forever.