p
Witness our hand_ and seal this Twenty first day of
BOOK 985
349
December 1916.
Edwin H. Robbins
& Seal
John McKean
Hattie E. Robbins
& Seal
By E.H.Robbins her Attorney
in fact
!
1
Commonwealth of Massachusetts
Hampden as. Springfield, Dec. 21st, 1916. Then personally appeared the above
named Edwin H. Robbins and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be his
free act and deed, before me, John McKean, Justice of the Peace.
Rec'd Aug. 28, 1917 and Reg'd from the original
Know all Men by these Presents, that I, Charles M. Jacobs Trustee of
Interurban Realty Trust, under a Declaration of Trust recorded in Hampden
County Registry of Deeds in Book 955, Page 269, of Springfield, Hampden
County, Massachusetts for consideration paid, grant to Laura G. Werner, of
Town of Longmeadow, Massachusetts, with warranty covenants the land in said
Springfield and bounded and described as follows:
+
Being a certain lot or parcel of land, known and designated as lot 329
on a Plan of Sumner Ave. Extension Tract, as shown in said Hampden County
Registry of Deeds in Book of Plans 4, Page 40, being subdivision C to all of
which reference is hereby made for a detailed description of the said lot.
Subject to restrictions of record made for the general benefit of the
entire tract.
Subject to taxes for 1917.
Witness my hand and seal this 14th day of July 1917.
Harry E. Ingraham
=
) Charles M. Jacobs Trustee
Interurban Realty Trust
& Seal
Commonwealth of Massachusetts
Tr. Interurban Real
ty Trust
-
to
Laura G. Warner
Hampden sa. July 14, 1917. Then personally appeared the above named Charles
M. Jacobs, Trustee, aforesaid and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
his free act and deed, before me,
Harry E. Ingraham, Notary Public
Rec'd Aug. 29, 1917 and Reg'd from the original.
Know all Men by these Presents that I, Edith M. Kennedy, unmarried, of
Wales, in the County of Hampden and Commonwealth of Massachusetts, in consid-
eration of One (1) Dollar and other good and valuable considerations paid by
Eileen B.Knowles of Worcester, in the County of Worcester and Commonwealth
of Massachusetts, the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give,
grant, bargain, sell and convey unto the said Eileen B.Knowles, in trust
nevertheless as hereinafter set forth, and her heirs, successors and assigns,
a certain tract of land with the buildings thereon situated in the southerly
part of said Wales on the road leading from Wales to Union, Connecticut, it
being about one quarter (1/4) of a mile from the main street leading through
the center of said Wales, and more particularly bounded and described as
follows:
Commencing at the southeasterly corner of said tract on aforesaid road;
thence northerly on land formerly of Luther Baker but now of one Adams to
'
**
Edith M.Kennedy
to
Eileen B. Knowles Jr.
See Book 1287.
Page 508.