164
BOOK
S
having been first obtained; that said lot shall not be resold to a colored
person, a Polander or an Italian.
I, Hattie E. Robbins wife of said grantor release to said grantee all
rights of dower and homestead and other interests therein.
Witness my hand-and seal-this 25th day of June 1917.
) Edwin H. Robbins
Hattie E. Robbins
&Seal
&Seal
John McKean
By E. H. Robbins her Attorney in fact
Commonwealth of Massachusetts
Hampden ss. Springfield, June 25th 1917. Then personally appeared the above
named Edwin H. Robbins and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be his
free act and deed, before me, John Mckean, Justice of the Peace.
Rec'd July 11, 1917 and Reg'd from the original
Edwin H. Robbins
to
A. T. Spooner Company
I, Edwin H. Robbins, of Springfield, Hampden County, Massachusetts for
consideration paid, grant to the A.T. Spooner Company, a corporation duly
established by law and having a place of business in said Springfield, with
warranty covenants the land in Longmeadow in said County known and designated
as Lot Twenty one (21) on the plan of lots known as Brookline which said
plan is recorded in the Hampden County Registry of Deeds in Book 3 of Plans
Page 144. Said lot is more particularly bounded and described as follows:
Northerly by lot 26 on said plan fifty eight (58) feet, more or less;
Easterly by lot 22 on said plan one hundred (100) feet; Southerly by Bliss
Road sixty (60) feet; and Westerly by lot 20 on said plan one hundred (100)
feet.
Subject to the restrictions hereinafter mentioned which are imposed
upon said premises for the benefit of my remaining premises and of any
heretofore conveyed by me. Said restrictions terminate January 1st, 1935
and are the following: that all buildings shall be placed and set back at
least 25 feet from the street line, provided that steps, windows, porticos
and other projections appurtenant thereto are to be allowed in said reserved
space; that any dwelling house built upon said premises before the termina-
tion of these restrictions shall cost at least $3000; that no more than one
dwelling house shall be erected on said lot; that no house shall be erected
thereon for occupancy by more than one family; that no old house shall be
moved on said lot without the written permission of the grantor herein hav-
ing been first obtained; that no stables or garages shall be built on said
lot nearer than fifty (50) feet to the street line in front of said lot;
that said lot shall not be resold to a colored person, a Polander, or an
Italian.
I, Hattie E. Robbins wife of said grantor release to said grantee all
rights of dower and homestead and other interests therein.
Witness my hand and seel-this twenty fifth day of June 1917.
) Edwin H. Robbins
Hattie E. Robbins
& Seal
& Seal
John McKean
By E. H. Robbins her Attorney in
fact
Commonwealth of Massachusetts
Hampden ss. Springfield, June 25th 1917. Then personally appeared the above
named Edwin H. Robbins and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be his
free act and deed, before me, John McKean, Justice of the Peace.
Rec'd July 11, 1917 and Reg'd from the original
William W. Manville
3.1
to
Gladys B, Mason
I, William W.Manville of Springfield, Hampden County, Massachusetts,
being unmarried, for consideration paid, grant to Gladys B.Mason of said.