BOOK 985
Know all Men by these Presents That I, Fiorenzo Pulvirenti, of Spring-
field, Hampden County, Massachusetts for consideration paid, grant. to my wife,
Mary Pulvirenti of said Springfield, with quitclaim covenants one undivided
half of a certain tract of land in said Springfield, bounded and described as
follows, to wit:
163
Fiorenzo Pulvirenti
Beginning on Fairbanks Place, at the southeasterly corner of land now or
formerly of Ezra T.Smith and running thence easterly on land now or formerly
of said Smith, one hundred (100) feet to a stake and stones; thence southerly
at right angles with the last described land on land now or formerly of Mary
E. Toamey and others, and John Quigley, fifty two (52) meet to a stake and
stones; thence westerly at right angles with the last described land, one hun-
dred (100) feet to Fairbanks Avenue, and thence northerly on Fairbanks Place
fifty two (52) feet to the point of beginning. Excepting so much of the above
described land as lies within the limits of Fairbanks Place. Being the same
land conveyed by Minnie J.Flood executrix of the will of Matthew Flood, to said
Mary Fulvirenti under her former name, Mary Fossa and Pasquale Bonanno, by deed
dated May 14, 1913, and recorded in the Registry of Deeds for said County on
Book 869 Page 235. Said premises are hereby conveyed subject to a mortgage
given by myself and said Bonanno to the Springfield Institution for Savings.
Witness my hand and seal this sixth day of July 1917.'
Signed in presence of
F.H. Stebbins
L
Fiorenzo Pulvirenti
Commonwealth of Massachusetts
& Seal
Hampden ss. July 9, 1917. Then personally appeared the above named Fiorenzo
Pulvirenti and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be his free act and
deed, before me, Frederick H.Stebbins, Justice of the Peace.
Rec'd July 11, 1917 and Reg'd from the original
to
Mary Pulvirenti
Edwin H. Robbins
to
A.T.Spooner Company
I, Edwin H.Robbins, of Springfield, Hampden County, Massachusetts for
consideration paid, grant to A.T.Spooner Company, a Corporation duly established
and having a usual place of business in said Springfield with warranty cove-
nants the land in Longmeadow in said County known and designated as Lot twenty
|(20) on the plan of lots known as Brookline which said plan is recorded in the
Hampden County Registry of Deeds in Book 3 of Plans, Page 144. Said lot is more
particularly bounded and described as follows:
Northerly by lot 27 on said plan fifty eight (58) feet, more or less;
Easterly by lot 21 on said plan one hundred (100) feet; Southerly by Bliss
Road sixty (60) feet; and Westerly by lot 19 on said plan one hundred (100)
feet.
Subject to the restrictions hereinafter mentioned which are imposed upon
said premises for the benefit of my remaining premesis and of any heretofore
conveyed by me. Said restrictions terminate January 1st, 1935 and are the fol-
lowing: that all buildings shall be placed and set back at least 25 feet from
the street, provided that steps,windows, porticos and other projections appur-
tenant thereto are to be allowed in said reserved space; that any dwelling house
built upon said premises before the termination of these restrictions, shall
cost at least $3000; that no more than one dwelling house shall be erected on
said lot; that no house shall be erected thereon for occupancy by more than one
family; that all out buildings shall be clap boarded and painted or shall be
constructed of concrete; that no stables or garages shall be built on said lot
nearer than fifty feet to the street line in front of said lot; that no old
house shall be moved on to said lot without the permission of the grantor herein