148
9.
1 Acknowlerton, Satisfaction and know all Men by these Presents, that d
hereby discharge this mortgage.
SV. B. Gook
Aferel 10,1899
Wilbur P. Hayes of Spring field Hampden County, Massachusetts
Witness & G. Fuller
In consideration of Eight Hundred Fifty Dollars
paid by 2. U. B. Cook of West Spring field in said County,
receipt whereof 18 hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
SV.B. Cook his heirs ad assigns
the 1
said
A certain lot of land with the buildings thereon lying on the Southerly side
of Grover Street in said Springfield known"'d designated as lot numbered
(o) seventy on George W. Fairfield's plan of lots recorded in Hampden County Reg-
istry of Deeds in Book 1 of Plans page 23 to which plan for a
ат
More
particular des-
cription reference may be made. Being the same premises conveyed to me
to me by George W.
Fairfield by his deed of Warranty of even date herewith this conveyance is made subject to the building
restrictions referred to therein.
To Have and to hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
And
heirs and
2.U.B Cook
hereby for myself
that
except said restriction
that
and his heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever
and
his
my heirs, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the grantee
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are fiee from all mcumbiances
9
and
->>
will and my hens, executors, and administrators,
and his hens and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons.
have good right to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same.
for
ores aid
except as
Provided Nevertheless that if
the grantee
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of
in three months.
, 01
my heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
Eight Hundred 4 Fifty dollars
or
his
'
^ years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of
five
per cent per annum, and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby,
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fire in a sum not less than
Eight Hundred and fifty
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee and his executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance Offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expuation of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to him on them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so exping, and shall not commit oi suffer any stup or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained, then
this deed, as also one note of even date herewith signed by me
whereby
giantee or order the said principal sum and installments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void
Ol'
'
his
promise to pay to the
executors, administrators, or
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
assigns may SELL the granted piemises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
Spring
Springfield
a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
first publishing
field
01
and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple, and such sale shall
forever bat те and all persons claiming under me from all night and interest in the granted piemises, whether at law or in equity And
out of money arising from such sale the grantee
his
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, chaiges, and expenses incurred on sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to
me
or
and my heirs and
Pro
assigns,
covenant
my
hereby,
nt with the giantee
and
heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchase or
hens or assigns, and I
0]
"
I
for my re
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
purchasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale
And it is Agreed that the grantee
or
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
receive the rents and profits thereof.
And for the consideration aforesaid
do hereby release unto the said grantee
In Witness Whereof,
hereunto set
our
eight hundred and ninety- mine
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in their behalf, may purchase
be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
and my
heus and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
• Eliza S. Hayes wife of said. Wilbur P. Hayes
and his
We the said
hand and seal > this
George W Fairfield
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Hampdenss.
January 5 1899
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Received
Jany, 16%
heirs and assigns all right of or to both DOWER and HOMESTEAD in the granted premises.
Wilbur P Hayes and Eliza S. Hayes
fifch
day of
January
Wilbur P. Hayes
Eleza S. Hayes
Then personally appeared the above-named
his
free act and deed, before me-
in the year one thousand
• Seal
8
Seal
Wilbur P. Hayes
George W. Fairfield
1899 and registered from the original
Attest
23. James B. Nello
Justice of the Peace.
Register.
I