122
1 Acknowledge Satisfaction and
hereby discharge this Mortgage.
March 22.1900
Stamp 254-c
25¢
Know all Men by these Presents, that.
Isaie Smith of Spring field, Hampden County, Massachusetts
"Camille Dauphini
Witness R.Martensen.
in consideration of mine hundred twenty five dollars
paid by John B. Beaudry Camille Daiphemais of said Springfield
receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, giant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
John B. Beaudry & Camille Dauphinois
the rece
said
A certain lot of land with the buildings thereon situated in (Indian Orchard) Spring
field, in said Hampden County on the south side of Main Street and the easterly side of
Beaudry Street bounded as follows:. North by Main Street fifty (50) feet: westerly by
Beaudry Street one hundred fifty (150) feet; southerly by land of Beaudry 4 Dauphinais
fifty (50) feet, and easterly by other land of Beaudry" Dauphinais one hundred fifty (150) feet!".
The south line is parallel with Main Street 24 the east line is parallel with Beaudry Street.
Being the same land conveyed to me by deed of John B. Beaudry is another, dated January 19,1899
to be recorded herewith this deed is made subject to a mortgage of Swenty-five Hundred Dollars (2500) to
4
George D. Green of even date herewith.
To Have and to Hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
Alle Dauphinais
and their heirs and assigns, to then own use and behoof forever.(
Camill
And hereby for myself
heirs and assigns that am
John B. Beaudry d
and my heirs, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the grantees and their
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbiances
except said mortgage to Geo.D. Cawfully served in fee-simple
that
Green
'
f
will and
my heirs, executois, and administrators,
heirs and assigns for ever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons.
have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid; and that
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee $ and their
except as aforesaid
Provided Nevertheless that if
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of
In
or
shall pay unto the grantees
or
their
'
, or my heirs, executors, administrators of dollars, on demand with
mine hundred twenty five
interest quarterly as stated in note.
note of even date
years from this date, with interest somi annually at the rate of
six
per cent
per annum,
and until such payment shall
approve,
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby,
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against five in a sum not less than-
dellers, for the benefit of the grantees and their executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall
satisfactory to and
and, at least two days before the expiation of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to
them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
covenant herein contained,-then
agy
their
me
of the one so expning, and shall not commit or suffer any strip 01 waste of the granted piemises, or any breach of
this deed, as also
the
note of even date herewith signed by
grantee or order the said principal sum and instalments of interest at the time aforesaid shall be void.
whereby
forever bar
Me
Spring field.
promise to pay to the
executors, administrators, or
Spring-
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantees, or
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
on the premises
fist publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
field
and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple, and such sale shall
and all persons claiming under
me
fiom all right and interest in the gianted premises, whether at law or in equity. And
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, changes, and expenses incurred or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or
observance of the said condition, rendering the suplus, if any, to
my self
ฐ
hereby,
her's, executois, administrators, and assigns that, in
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
out of money aising from such sale the grantee $ 01
and
their
Me
my heirs and assigns, covenant with the grantees and their my heirs or assigns; and
for
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
purchases a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale
And it is Agreed that the grantee $
or their
,
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in then behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall, be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
and my hens and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
receive the ients and profits thereof
And for the consideration aforesaid I, Josephine Smith wife of said I sare Smith
the sand grantees and their heirs and assigns all light of or to both DOWER and HOMESTEAD In the granted premises, and all
do hereby release
Pastatute therum,
In Witness Whereof,
hereunto set
our
eight hundied and ninety- mune
Signed, sealed and delivered
In presence of
Chas F. Spellman
-
the said
чие
hand S and seals this
to both
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Hampden
SS
January 11th
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Received
дапу
Isaie Smith and Josephine. Smith
eleventh
day of
January
in the year one thousand
• Seal
Isaie Smith
Josephine Smith & Seal
189
Then personally appeared the above-named
his
free act and deed before me--
12h
1899
and registered tiom the original
Attest⚫
Isaie Smith
has F. Spellman
*
B. Wells
Notary Public
Justice of the Pence
Register.