572
1 Acknowledge Satisfaction and
hereby discharge this Mortgage.
Oct 9.1899
Theter in Micr
• Mnius
Know all Men by these Presents, that s
9.
Egilda Bourgeois of Springfield, Hampden County, Massachusetts
* 15.
In consideration of Three hundred and sixty (360) Dollars
paid by Herbert m Woodard of Hartford in the state of Connecticut
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, giant, baigai, sell and convey unto the
said Herbert M Wooda his horrored assigns,
the following teancel of land situated in that part of the city of Springfield in
The County of Hamfiden, Commonwealth of Massachusetts, called "Beacon
Heights being Lats No. five (5) and six (6) on pelan of Beacon Heights surveyed
for Herbert M Woodard by Wolcott & Darby, Surveyors, dated June 14, 1898
and recorded June 16, 1898 with Hampden County Registry of Deeds, in Book
of Plans Number (!) one, peages. Jo and 71, and bounded and described as fol.
lows viz. on the north by right of way. 16.5 feet in wrath, on the east by lat
No7, on the south by Phoenix Avenue so called, and on the west by Liberty
Street Being the same firemixes converted to me by said Herbert M Woodard
by deed dated January 18th . 1.899 and recorded with the deeds for said
Hampden County book 593 feage 450 Subject to certain building restrictions
contained in deed from paid Woodard to grantor, also subject to a mortgage
Bank to Bec
To Have and to hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
are the sur of 3200 and interest.
and heirs and assigns, to then own use and behoof forever.
and my heirs, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the grantee
and his
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the gianted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances
مدمد
bert
And
hereby for
oodard
myself
gam
hers and assigns that
excefiting as aforesaid
that
g
will and my
heirs, executors, and administrators,
have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that
shall WARRANT AND DLFEND the same to the grantee and his heus and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
excefiting
esaid.
Provided Nevertheless that it
QUO
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of Three
01 my heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee hus
and sixty
160) Dollars on
, 01
demand
HI
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of five
per cent per annum, and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest thei em, or on the debt secured hereby,
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fire in a sum not less than the fair value thereaf
dollars, for the benefit of the giantee and his executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expiation of any policy on said piemises, shall deliver to
or them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
me
of the one so expiring and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,--then
this deed, as also · my note of even date herewith signed by
whereby
grantee or order the said pimeipal sum and installments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void.
me
'
promise to pay to the
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee 01 his executors, administrators, or
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said Spine eld hear they
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
Springfield and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple, and such sale shall
and all persons claiming under
fiom all light and interest in the granted piemises, whether at law or in equity And
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses incurred or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to me
or my heirs on assigns, and ร
for myself
hereby,
hens, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
on they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchase or
forever bar
out of money ausing from such sale the grantec ΟΙ my
and my
heus and assigns, covenant with the grantee and his
purchasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale.
And it is Agreed that the giantee , or
his
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in then behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
and my hens and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted piemises and
receive the rents and profits thereof
the consideration aforesaid I, Eusebe H Bourgears husband of said Ezelda Bourgeois
do hereby release unto the said grantee and his
In Witness Whereof, we
hereunto set
our
the said
hand and seal this
eight hundied and ninety-ne.
Signed, sealed and delivered
in piesence of
Charles L. Gardner
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
heus and assigns all rights of or to both DownR and HOMESTEAD in the granted premises
da Bow
und Ewache H Bourg.
dasr of Ариев
Bourges
Ezilda Bourgeois seal
Eusebe H Bourgeois escal
Hamfidenss April 14, 1899
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Then personally appeared the above-named
free act and deed, before me-
Received April 20,
1899 and registered from the original
Attest
les
Дити
in the year one thousand
Ezilda Bourgeois
Gardner,
Rc. Wells.
Justice of the Peace
Register.