camps 2xed
Know all Men by these Presents, that, sign
8 3 1 6 3 9 4 8 8
sachusetts For Sale
William W Cutler of Springfield, Hampden County, Massachusetts
469
For Sale, affidavit
see Book 691 Pages 17.3
+174
the laws of the Commonwatch
of Massachusetts
In consideration of five thousand-dollars
paid by the Trustees of Monson Academy a corfioration established under the la
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
said corfioration
a lot of land situated
un
امنممد
•follows
Springfield, and bounded and described as
bequnning on the easterly side of Sirglade avenue at land of Lura Newman, said
feoint being about 813 30 feet southerly from Summer avenue, "running thence North-
erly on Ferglade avenue sixty (bo) fest; hence Easterly at right angles with raid
avenue one hundred fifty (150) feet; chence Southerly parallel with Ferglades
avenue sixty (60) feet to land of Lura Newman? &chence. Westerly on land of fura
Newman one hundred and fifty (150) feet to the place of beginning.
Being the same premises conveyed to me by Ralph Alden by deed dated
P
February 1, 1899 th subject to the restrictions set forth in said deed.
and.
and
heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever
To Have and to Hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
Trustees of the monson Academy and its
And 19 hereby for myself
I am
hens and assigns that
except raid restrictions
and my
heirs, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the giantee and its
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are fiee from all incumbrances
ܡܫܝ and
will and
my
hens, executors, and administrators,
hers and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons.
that g have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid; and that
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee
except as to said
ctions
Provided Nevertheless that if
executors, admmistrators or assigns the sum of
の
'
01 my heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
five thousand-d
son
demand
or
,
it's
***-
per cent. per annum, and until such payment shall
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of five
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby;
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fire in a sum not less than satisfactory to and
dollars, for the benefit of the giantee and its exccutors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expiration of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to the quanter, then a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expuing, and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,―then
this deed, as also one note of even date herewith signed by me
whereby
giantee
'
promise to pay to the
ene newspaper published in said
gfield
or order the said pimeipal sum and installments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void.
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee 01 its executors, administrators, oi
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all Improvements that may be thereon, public auction in said Springfield
thesaver publication of such matrol to be not leor three successive weeks in some one newspap
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once a week for
and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or puchasers absolutely and in fee-simple, and such sale shall
fires
forever bar
and all persons claiming under me from all night and interest in the savd piemises, whether at law or in equity. And
out of money ausing from such sale the grantee 01 ts assigns representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then on thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses incurred or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or
observance of the said condition, rendering the sui plus, if any, to me
hens or assigns, and ཅ
hereby,
for mysel
and
heirs and assigns, covenant with the grantee and its hens, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser o
purchasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale.
as no old
me
my
'
01 my
And it is Agreed that the grantee ΟΙ it's executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in then behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
and my heus and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
receive the rents and profits thereof.
And for the consideration aforesaid I, Idam Cutler wife of the said William W. Cutler
do hereby release unto the said giantee
In Witness Whereof,
hereunto set
our
eight hundred and ninety-nine
Signed sealed and delivered
presence of
Ralfi
and
we
hons and assigns all rights
the said William W.
hand Sand seals this first
Louis I Hawkins
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
to Both DowER and HOMESTEAD In the granted premises.
dered Ida M Cutler
day of February
William W Gutler seal
Ida M. Cutler
1899
Hamfiden
SS March 21,
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Received
March 29,
eseal.
in the year one thousand
Then personally appeared the above-named William W.itler
his
free act and deed, before me-
189 qand registered from the original
Attest.
Ralph W.. Elles
B. Wells
Justice of the Peace
Register.