8+
1 Acknowledg Satisfaction and
hereby discharge this Mortgage.
William J. Fuller
Wit 6. & Safford man 29/03
لم
Know all Men by these Presents, that
A.S.
Maggie A. S. Kerr of Chicopee County of Hampden, Massachusetts.
in consideration of
Give Hundred Dollars.
paid by William). Fuller of card Chicopee.
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, gmunt, bargain, sell and convey unto the
said
William J. Fuller
A certain parcel of land with the buildings thereon actuated in raid Chicofree, bounded and
50
8700
described as follows viz = Beginning at a point sixty eight of 5% (68 %) feet tastuly from land of one Wolf
eaid point being on the northinly mide of (
on the noritiely ride of Pearl Street, chance running northerly
crence
in as
•straight line
one
hundred forty (stes feet to an exon fair at land of one Moreau, theuse earticly on raid land of Moreau fifty
(140) pin
( 5 ) fet to an iron-pin at land of Babcock, hence routerly on
70
( 36 ) feet to
feet to
an
sron pain in the antre of the drive way
on
raid land of Babcock one hundred thirty are
10
0100
jo
DC. 100
at Pearl Street, Chence westuly on said Pearl, Street fifty (50)
Carre
2 H.
an iron fun at first mentioned bound. Being the
: premises conveyed to me by W. Summer Babcock by dead
dated Dec 18.1895 recorded with Hampden County deeds, Book 540 page 501's this conveyance is made subject to the easements therein mentions
To have and to old the granted prendises, with all the privileges and uppartenances thereto belonging, to the brides, with the right of way
illiam
And Ohereby for
heirs and assigns that
I myself
am
forever.
and my heirs, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the grantee and his
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances,
Except go aferesaid and a fixion mortgage to said Babcock
that
and a prin
aforesaid.
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee
except
Provided Nevertheless that if I
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of
or
sold of $1500.g
and
;
will and
пиль
Therein desou
heirs, executors, and administrators
A heirs and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons.
heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee or
his
Itur Hundred Dollars in gold coin of the United States of the fecerent
standard of fineness, on demand.
in
we
eise
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of
per cent. per annum; and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured horeby ;
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fire in a sum not less than
Fifteen hundred
dollars, for the benefit of the granted ind his executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expiration of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to him. or them a new and sufficient policy to take the
place of the one so expiring; and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,—
then this deed, as also
note of even date herewith signed by mes by Seo Kerr whereby
promise to pay to the
grantee or order the said principal sum and installments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void.
'
his
Wr
executors, administrators, or
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee or
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together
with all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
Chicohce
me
bounty
and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple; and such saledshall
forever bar
me and all persons claiming underg пля from all right and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity. And
out of money arising from such sale the grantee or his
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses incurred or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to
hereby,
my heirs or assigns; and
for
and
heirs and assigns, covenant with the grantee
my
myself and
heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or pur-
chasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale.
And it is Agreed that the grantee
'
or
covgmant
his
his
or
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in their behalf, may purchase
at any sule made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money; and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
heirs and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
receive the rents and profits thereof.
And for the consideration aforesaid
I
tally be and
плу
to evenly malous unto the and grease Garrige Herr husband of said Stanton to nonserao in the granted promises.
In Witness Whereof,
hereunto set
oww
eight hundred and ninety-.
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
the said
hand and seal S this
Joucher white to both
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Hampden ss.
July, 201
1896
and acknowledged the foregging instrument to be
Received
July 22nd
George Kepe Maggie A. S. Kew
Sliventy first day of
July
in the year one thousand
Seal.
Seal.
George Keer
Maggie A. S. Kerr
Then personally appeared the above-named
their
free act and deed, before me
1896. and registered from the original
Attest:
". Java
Maggie A. S. Kerr & George Kerr
no huther
huther White
is B, Nells
Justice of the Peace.
Register.