BOOK 5 56
Know all Men by these Presents, that
ent sex Bank 549 Page 350 Mary E. L. Esperance of Fitchburg, W. neester County, Moar
For argument sex Back 549 Page 350.
"
24
k
.
579
"
"
619.
"
2
See Discharge, le66 9469
sachusetts
In consideration of
Wincester
R Dollars
: _Mone Hundred Eighty Eight any 27/100
The John H M outgomery of Holy filters, all, ad convey unto the
Baid
John 16 Montgomery
A certam tract of land with the buildings therem situated m
County of shampoen of bounded and described as
north west line of Willimansett Avenue the
his
Hillemansett
Heirs and Assigne,
uansett in Chicopee in said
& follows, wing.. Beginning
at a point
on
the
hundred (1~) feet north easterly from the intersection
- formerly of Nation Whittlesey with the north west live of
more or for
t right angles with the north
'm a line paral-
of the southerly line of property
Hillemansett Avenue, running, thence north-westerly in a line at.
west line of Kishmansett Avenue one •hundred 24 ten (10 feet, thence north easterly.
lel with said line of Willemansett Avenue three hundred (100) feet; thence south easterly to the said
• hundred "ten (110) feet, thence south westerly along.
line of Hellmansett Ivenue one
Vellimansett Avenue three hundred
to me by I. Ho Monts
• one
(300) feet
• the north west line of
to the place of beginning being the same premises conveyed
Hashpaen County Registry of Deeds
buy deed dated August 26, 1896 to be recorded m.
To have and to hold the afore-granted premises to the said
el
John
he
comesec
its and Assigns, to their use and behoof forever.
do, for my self my Heirs, Executors and Administrators, covenant with the said Grantee
And
Hoirs and Assigns, that
lawfully seized in fee of the afore-granted promises; that they are free of all incumbrances;
160000 and one
Except time prior mortgages to the Holyoke Cooperative Bank one
That
and that
"for"
have good right to sell and convey the same to the said Granter
will warrant and defend the same promises to the said Grantu
Except as above stated
Provloed Nevertheless, and this dood is on the following condition, that whorens I,
bavo executed
for the
sum
n of time hundred eighty-eight
・for $ you.
to
he Heirs and Assigns forover, against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
the said
Mary E. L'Esperance
Promissory Note of Hand, bearing oven date berewith
month until the full sum
" and "%/as Dollars payable for mistallments of five Dollars by forty
dents each payable on the fourth Wednesday of every weer in the right to pay the whole on any part of the note before maturity
- has been paid together
interest at the rate of 6 per ant per annum.
maker
and during the continuance of this mortgage have agreed to pay all taxes assessed on the granted premises, or on any interest therein or on the
debt secured hereby, and keep the buildings on said promises insured against fire, in a som entisfactory to and for the benefit of the Grantee and
his Hours and Assigne
or
Therefore, if
muf
the said
Mary & L'Esperance
ropresentatives shall pay the full amount of said Note according to the tenor thereof, and shall pay said taxes and
keep and buildings insured as aforesaid, then this deed shall be void; otherwise in full force.
But, if default shall be made in the performance of any of the forogoing conditions, the Grantee and his
legal representatives, are hereby constituted
my
lawful attorneys for me and in my
name to sell and dispose of the aforesaid lands at public auction, on or near the promises Kenthey having first published notice of the time
and place of the intended sale, once a week, for three successive weeks, in some Newspaper, if there be any, published in the city or town
where said promises are situated; and if no Newspaper is published in such city or town, then in some Newspaper printed in the county where
the mortgaged premises are situated, the first publication to be at least twenty-one days before the day of sale,
and in
my
name to execute and deliver to the purchasers thereof, good and sufficient deeds of convoy.
ance for the same; and of the money arising therefrom to retain a sum equal to the amount remaining unpaid on said Noto and all expenses
incurred in the matter, rendering unto
representatives a true and particular account of the samo, with
any overplus that may remain thereof. And until such default the Qantee shall allow
legal representatives
undisturbed possession of said estato.
Me
ΟΙ
my
his
me
and
my
or their behalf may purchase at any sale made as
And it is agreed that the Grantoo or his Heirs or Assigns, or any one in
aforesaid and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money.
d
the said
Mary & L'Esperances. Esperance
prer
In Witness whereof,
O L'Esperance husband wife of said Mary.
and J. Lowe
hands and seal & this
to release all claim to dower and all homestead exemption rights in the aforesaid premists, have hereunto set
-seventh
day of
Executed in the presence of
in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and minety-h
twenty..
Arthur B Chapin to MEL
august
Chas. S. Hayden to d U.2.)
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Mary E. L'Esperance
Louis L'Esperance
ПAMPDEN, S. August 2% 1896. Then the within named
acknowledged the within instrument to be her free act and deed before me
Received
August 29.
seal
dseal
Monry E. L' Esperance
Arthur & Chapin.
1896 and registered from the original. Attest:
O
далить
Justice of the Pence.
R. Wells Register.