a certain Indenture
the first parcel of land described and conveyed.
fconveyed in a certain
between the said Kolyoke Water Power Company & raid Boly oke Paper
Company, bearing date January 20th, 1866, or upon the parcel of land
described as: number one ad conveyed by a certain Indenture
between the late Headley Falls Company of the said "Holyoke Papu
er Company bearing date, August 10th, 1857.
Seventh, the rights conveyed to said Holyoke Paper Company
by said Heolyoke Water Power Company by deed dated August 9,
1881, recorded in eaid Registry, book 392, page 210, said rights
being therein described as follows: "The right to draw³nd use a
quantity of water equivalent, to one mill-power, as defined, in
And according to the annexed proposals, Said water to be drawn
from the second level canal," used in qupon the first parcel
of land described "nd conveyed in a certain Indenture between said
Holyoke Water Bower Company & said Keolyoke Paper Company bead
fing date January 20, 1866; ouupon, the parcel of land described as
number one, conveyed by a certain Indenture between the late
Hadley Hallsteompany & the said Herly oke Paper Company leas
Heolyoke bear.
fing
date
August
10th 1857.
And, Whereas, said Holyoke Water Power Company, did by In-
denture dated October 1st. 1878, convey.
to said Holyoke Paper Com-
pany two mill powers of water to be used in red upon, the above
described parcels of land, each of which mill-powers was, thereby
declared by defined to be the right to draw a specified quantity of
water per second from the nearest canal or water course
of the
grantor during sixteen hours invaday: now, therefore, the equiv=
alent of one mill-power herein granted" nd conveyed by this In
we to..
is agreed?nd declared to be the right to draw the same
quantity of avates per second during the remaining eight houre
in each day in addition to the quantity of water for the two mill
powers previously granted to said Holyoke Paper Company to
be drawn during sixteen hours in a day,
Holyoke Paper Company chall here after have the right to drow
3d use the specified quantity of water per second, contained in said
two mill powers, twenty four hours in a day.
dentur
so that the said
Eighth the mill power conveyed by the Holyoke Water
Power Company to raid Holyoke PaperCompany by deed
dated February 1, 187, recorded in eaid Registry. Book 275
page 500, to which reference may be had for a complete
description.
The real estate
state & frights above described are conveyed
7