Stamp 1.00.c
Know all Men by these Presents, that 9,
Isaie Smith of Springfield, Hampden County Massachusetts
Ju Book 623 Page
281
121
623
9494
See Deed & Aff of Sale, B...
In consideration of twenty five hundred dollars. 288 289 Entry Tag
paid by George D. Green of said Spring field
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, giant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
snid George D
reen
29
a certain lot of land with the buildings thereon situated in (Indian Orchard)
Springfield, in said Hampden County on the south side of Main Street and the .
easterly side of Beaudry Street bounded as follows: North by Main Street
fifty (50) feet; westerly by Beaudry Street one hundred fifty (150) feet; southerly
by land of Beaudry 4. Dauphinais fifty (50) feet, and easterly by other land of Beau.
dry Dauphinais one hundred fifty (150) feet. The south line is parallel with Main Street, the
east line is parallel with Beaudry Street. Being the same land conveyed to me by deed of John B.
Beaudry "d another dated January 10, 1899, to be recorded herewith
To Have and to hold the granted premises with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
and heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever
And
heus and assigns that
said. Pris
and my hens, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the grantee and
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances
will and my hens, executors, and administrators,
f
George
"D. Green
I hereby for myself
Jann
that
have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee
Pris
and
hens and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons.
f
or his
five tone half
as stated in said ride of even date
11
Provided Nevertheless that if
; or my heus, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of twenty five hundred dollars, on demand with interest
quarterly as stated in mote
of even date
H++
shall keep the buildings on said piemises insui ed against fine m a sum not less than satisfactory to and
his
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of
per cent per annum; and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby,
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee and
executois, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expiration of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to him or them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expiring, and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,―then
Be the
thus deed, as also
note of even date herewith signed by
whereby
grantee oi oider the said principal sum and instal ments of interest at the time aforesaid shall be void
me
01
his
promise to pay to the
Spring.
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
executors, administrators, or
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such poition thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
on the premises
spring field
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
field and may convey the same by proper deed'or deeds to the purchaser or purchasers absolutely and in fec-simple, and such sale shall
And
forever bai
and all persons claiming under
from all right and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity
his
out of money ausing from such sale the grantee 01
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses incuried or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or
me
me
OL
my
observance of the said condition, rendering the sui plus, if any, to
hens of assigns, and
hereby,
for myself
and my
hens and assigns, covenant with the grantee
and his
hens, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
on they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
purchasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale.
And it is Agreed that the grantee
01
his
"
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in then behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
heirs and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
receive the rents and profits thereof
and my
And for the consideration aforesaid I. Josephine Smith wife of said Isaie Smith
do hereby
Ju Witness Whereof,
hereunto set
the state
our
mine
eight hundied and ninety- mune
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
Chas. F. Spellman
COMMONWEAL
ALTH OF
Hampden
Pun
and
челе the said
hands and seals this
to bath
SS.
MASSACHUSET
January
11th
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Received
Jany,
12"
1899
hens and assigns all night of or to both DOWER and HOMESTEAD In the granted promises
Isaie Smith as Jo
eleventh
and
in the year one thousand
Josephine Smith
January
day of
Isare Smith
Mrs Josephine Smith
Then personally appeared the above-named
his
free act and deed, before me-
1899. and registered from the original
Attest.
Q
다
Seal
Seal
Isare Smith
Chas J. Spillman
Hi. Jamu R. Mello
Notary Public
Justice-of-the-Poace
Register