157
Know all Men by these Presents, that &
Cornelius E, Flynn of Westfield Hampden County, Massachusetts
in consideration of One hundred twenty Dollars
paid by. Patrick J. Mahony of said Westfield
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledg
do hereby give, giant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
said Patrick J. Mahony
See Discharge, OF 735 8407
a tract of land in said Westfuld, with buildings thereon described as follows:
vrz: Beginning at the southwest corner
of
of land described on the
of Montgomery road and running thence northerly
to land of C. B. Northrop : thence easterly
Northrop and land
тап
easterly
line
on said highway 38 rods
viregular line on land of said
one House to a pile of stones; thence southerly on land of
of or
said House && land now or
• formerly of Lucius M. Williams 17 Irods to a pile of stones:
thence westerly on land of one Hildreth "Iland of Georgianna Gamache to the point of beginning.
To Have and to hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
Day Patrick
And
hereby for
Maliony
myself
Jain
heirs and assigns that
that
and то
heirs and assigns, to then own use and behoot for ever
and
and my heus, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the grantee
his
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are fiee from all incumbrances
have good right to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee and his
-
Provided Nevertheless that if
executois, administrators or assigns the sum of
111
I
will and my hens, executors, and administrators,
hens and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
, or
my heus, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
or
fus
'
One hundred twenty dollars on demand
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of
بلند
per cent per annum, and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid ou assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby,
shall keep the buildings on said piemises insured against fire in a sum not less than
satisfactory to and
-dolls, for the benefit of the grantee and his
executois, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expiration of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to hum or them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so exping, and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained, then
this deed, as also my
note of even date herewith signed by
whereby
giantee or order the said principal sum and installments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void.
me
01
'
any
his
promise to pay to the
executors, administrators, or
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
Westfield
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said West.
field
forever 'bai
me
or
his
and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchaseis absolutely and in fee-simple, and such sale shall
and all persons claiming under
me
from all right and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity And
out of money ausing from such sale the giantee
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then on thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses incurred on sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to
hens or assigns; and
hereby,
heirs, executois, administiatois, and assigns that, in
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser of
me
01
for
myself
and my heus and assigns, covenant with the grantee and
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
hriö
my
And it is Agreed that the grantee
Pus
purchases a deed on deeds of release confirming such sale
01
,
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person oi peisons in the behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchase shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
receive the ients and profits thereof
And for the consideration aforesaid
do hereby release unto the said grantee
In Witness Whereoſ,
hereunto set
our
nine
eight hundied and ninety-
Signed, sealed and delivered
m presence of
W.S. Kellogg
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
and
чие
and
heirs and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
I. Mary & Flynn wife of said Cornelius
his
heirs and assigns all night of or to both DOWER and HOLSTEAD In the granted premises
the said Cornelius E. Flynnd Mary E. Flynn
hand and seals this sixteenth
day of January
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
189
منهم ۱۹
Cornelius E. Flynn
Mary E. Flynn
Then personally appeared the above-named
free act and deed, before me
Hampden
SS
January
16
Received
Jany 19th,
1899
and registered from the original
Attest
• Seal
Seal
in the year one thousand
Cornelius E. Flynn
Willis S. Kellogg
R. Wells
Justice of the Peace
Register