152
Su Pischarge, H. 695 9185
Stamp 50¢.c
ས
Know all Men by these Presents, that w
Mattie E. Buckland & Seth J. Buckland husband of said Mattie E...
both of Springfield in Hampden County Massachusetts
in consideration of
five hundred dollars
paid by Frederick Harris of said Springfield
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do horeby give, giant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
said
Brederick Starris
A certain lot of land, with the building thireon lying in said Springfeldy described
as follows, to urt. beginning at the corner of Summer Avenue's Greenleaf street on
the Northerly side of Summer Avenue's Easterly side of Greenleaf Street" frunning
thence northerly by Greenleaf Street one hundred "d fifty (150) feet, thence Easterly at
right angles with the Easterly line-Greenleaf Street sixty feet, thence Southerly.
parallel with said line of Greenleaf Street One hundred a fifty (150) feet to Summer Avenue.
thence Westerly by Summer Avenue sixty feet to the place of beginning : being the same fremises.
conveyed to said Matte & Buckland by the Trusters of The Mutual Investment Company by their deed dated Sept. 5% 1892" subject to
restrictions named in said deed to which reference may be had for further description & particulars.
To Have and to hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
and heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever
And
Frederick Harris
and his
we hergby for. ourselves and OLAN heus, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the grantee
heirs and assigns that the said Mattie E. Buckland-lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted plemises, that they are free from all moumbiances
excest sand restrictions id
which there is whenspelsapt a mortgage given to James Kirkham dated sept &
1892 on
we. will and others, executors, and administrators,
hens and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons.
that We have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee and his
Provided Nevertheless that if we
"
or ouv heirs, executois, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
or his
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of five hundred dollars on demand with interest at the rate of
five foercent per annum payable semi-ammally.
कम
years from this date, with interest somi annually at the rate of
per cont. per annum, and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therem, or on the debt secured hereby,
shall keep the buildings on said piemises insured against fine in a sum not less than
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee and his executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expuation of any policy on said premises, shall deliver tool them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expiring; and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contamed,—then
this deed, as also one fount &
whereby
note of even date herewith signed by
grantee or older the said pincipal sum and instal.ments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void.
01
'
Чи
his
promise to pay to the
executors, administrators, or
But upon aup default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
assigns may SULL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
Springfield
all
forever bar ང ིན་ཐའི
01
fust publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said Spring-
field
and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchaseis absolutely and in fee-simple, and such sale shall
and all persons claiming under
from all night and interest in the granted piemises, whether at law or in equity. And
out of money arising from such sale the giantee
Prio
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses incuind of sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance on
observance of the said condition, rendering the sui plus, if any, to Mattie E, Buckland
hens of assigns, and
hereby,
for ourselves and ow hers and assigns, covenant with the grantee and his
hens, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
-་་མ on they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
purchasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale
And it is Agreed that the grantee 01
'
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchase
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
receive the rents and profits thereof.
And for the consideration aforesaid
-do hereby release unto the said grantee_—_and_
In Witness Whereof,
our
hereunto set
eight hundied and ninety- mine
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
We
the said
hand and seal S this
Geo. Leonard to both
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Stampden ss.
January
14th 1899
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Received
Jany, 16%
01 her
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in their behalf, may purchase
shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
"We and our
hens and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
in the granted premises.
in the year one thousand
hews and assigns all night of or to both noweg
Mattie . Buckland and Seth J. Buckland
fourteenth
day of January
Mattie E. Buckland
Seth J. Buckland
Seal
• Seal
Then personally appeared the above-named Mattie E. Buckland
her
fiee act and deed, before me-
1899 and registered from the original
Attest⚫
George Leonard
“. B. Wells
Justice of the Peace.
Register.
1
L
$