now all Men by these Presents, that!
Charter Chase of Westfield, Hampden County, Massachus
retts
In consideration of
paid by
-Two. Hundred. Thirty Four-
Westfield
Isaac H. Plumbey of sond
Dollars
the receipt whereof at do hereby acknowledge, do hereby give, grant, sell, and convoy unto the
said Isaac 26. Olinmley
his
A certam tract of land situated in said
www.or
Hestfield
Heirs and Assigns,
L
Wichunge 675 tap 62/
Page
1 Acknowledge Satisfaction and
hereby discharge this Mortgage
Beans He Plumley
0e88,1900
Witness R. Martinsen.
- and bounded as follows to wit. North
- formerly of Pussell Shepard East in the highway: South on land now or
by land
BOOK 5 56
• formerly of Lewis Elmore
4, more or less.
of land.
and bounded as
follows to wit on the road lead:
at a stake and stones at the
and West by land now or
formerly of & P Rand "demtais ten acres
Also another tract of land situated in said i
Westfield
ing from Westfield
• Westfield to Montgomery and described as follows, to wet.
northwest inner: thence running, South 21° West 62 rode to of stake and stones to Furrowtown Road so
called: thence South 661/2" East 22 Pods to a State and Stones, thence north 85° East 20 Gods to a
Beginung
Stake and
-West 20 Rods
the same.
convliyed
Stones at the highway thence noch 24° Wert 38 Rods 18 Links, thence north (24") fourteen degrees.
on Montgomery Road to point of beginning and contains 61/3 Acres more or less by both tracts being.
to me this day by bhar. B Anthrop by his deed of even
I wen date herwith and also hereby conveying.
mortgaged by me to rond Sroce 16 Plumley by deed dated August 31st 1895. / recorded with Hampden County Registry
to habe and to host the afore-granted premises to the said Isac L. Plumley
Dock 559 Gape 337 which died reference.
be had for.
And
d
do, for my
Heirs and Assigns, that
201
except the last parcel
and that I
a more particular description.
Heirs and Assigns, to their use and boboof forever.
Heirs, Executors and Administrators, covenant with the said granter
lawfully seized in fee of the afore-granted premises; that they are free of all incumbrances;
• as in said Book 539 Page 337
have good right to sell and convey the same to the said
will warrant and defend the same promises to the said
frantee
granter
he Heirs and Assigns forever, against the lawful claims and domands of all persons.
Provided Nevertheless, and this deed is on the following condition, that whereas I,
for the
Plumley.
have executed
my
thirty four
sum of two hundred and
of tive
cor order on demand with interest rem
the said Charles Chase
Promissory Note of Hand, bearing even date herewith
the same land
annum
dollars payable to the said Isaac o
annually at the rate of six per cent per.
and during the continuance of this mortgage have agreed to pay all taxes assessed on the granted premises, or of any interest therein or on the
debt secured hereby, and keep the buildings on said promises inanrod against fire, in a sum antisfactory to and for the benefit of the Grantee and
his Hers and Assigns.
Therefore, if el the said Charles Chase
7
ΟΙ
my
representatives shall pay the full amount of said Note according to the tenor thereof, and shall pay said taxes and
keop said buildings insured as aforesaid, then this deed shall be void; otherwise in full force.
my
lawful attorneys for me and in
But, if default shall be made in the performance of any of the foregoing conditions, the Grantee and he
legal representatives, are hereby constituted
name to sell and dispose of the aforesaid lands at public auction, on or near the premises;
my name or bus
having first published notice of the time
and place of the intended salo, onco a week, for three auccessive weeks, in some Newspaper, if there be any, published in the city or town
where said premises are situated; and if no Newspaper is published in such city or town, thon in some Newspaper printed in the county where
the mortgaged premises are situated, the first publication to be at least twenty-one days before the day of sale,
and in
my name or he
Damo to executo and deliver to the purchasers thereof, good and suffloient deeds of convey-
ance for the same; and of the money arising therefrom to retain a sum equal to the amount remaining unpaid on said Note and all expenses
incurred in the matter, rendering unto me
representatives a true and particular account of the same, with
And until such default the Grantee shall allow
and
legal representatives
any overplus that may remain thereof
andisturbed possession of suid eatate.
ог
mil
my
And it is agreed that the Grantee or hus Heirs or Assigns, or any one in his or their behalf may purchase at any sale made as
aforesaid and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money
to release all claim to dower and all homestead exemption rights in the aforesaid premises, have hereunto set sur hands and seals this
En Witness Whereof, We
the said
and Sarah E. Chase
Charter Chase
wife of said Charles Chase
September
Charles Chase
کا کا عمل
mark
first
day of
Executed in the presence of
A. F. Lilley
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHU
in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and minely- auf.
*seal
Mare Sarah E. Chase Deal
189 6. Then the within named Charles Chase
acknowledged the within instrument to be his free act and deed before tho
HAMPDEN, 68.
Sept.
Received
Sept 2.
1896 and registered from the original. Attest:
'
Justice of the Peace.
Register.
A. & Lilley.
James & Well
дашь