now all Men by these presents, that
William H. Kelley of Warren in the County of Worcestic and Commonunatch
of
Massachusetts.
in consideration of
Seventy firis Dollars
paid by Albert H. Lincoln of Warren aforesaid
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
said
"Albert W. Lincoln his nevis and assigns.
59
8+
a curtain tract or praccel of land with the buildings cheion riturated in Brimfield in the bounty of
Hampden and Commonwealth of reard and bounded Westerly by the
and bounded Westerly by the old road leading from Brimfield
"Town" to Dunhamtown, Nortruly and bastuly by land now or formily of James Richard Peroine and
Soutuely by land of Orrun thicks, containing about three acres of land. Subject however, to the right of
curting of Parlow B. Kibbe, Ausband of Elinea Subbe, deceased any all right, title and intuent of maid
and
Harlow B. Kibbe therein. The above described firenuses bering the
"
@ame
by William W. beach by deed dated September 22. 1885 and recorded in
Haukden in Book 418 Page 152.
conveyed to the paid Elvera Kibbe
the Registry of seeds for the lounity
To Habe and to hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said Albert 24, Lincoln
And I do hereby for
heirs and assigns that
Jam
то
heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever.
his
heirs, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the grantee and
my
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances,
and
my self
and
except said right of curtesy of Harlow B. Hibbe
ते
my
will and
heirs, executors, and administrators
heirs and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons.
that I have good right to sell and convey the same as aforesaid; and that
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee and
Mis
except as aforesaid.
Provided Wevertheless that if
I
or
'
my
heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the granted
or
I his
,
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of
in
Seventy five Dollars on demand.
-years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of
ten
per cent. per annum; and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby ;
shall keep the buildings on said promises-insured against fire in a sum not less than
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee and- -exccutors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expiration of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to
or thom a now and sufficient policy to take the
covenant herein contained,-
promise to pay to the
гие
whereby
place of the one so expiring, and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of
then this deed, as also
grantee or order the said principal sum and installments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void.
су
note of even date herewith signed by
Sumifield
و
his executors, administrators, or
bounty of Hampden
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee or
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may romain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together
with all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple; and such sale shall
forever bar
Me
and all persons claiming under
And
me from all right and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity.
out of money arising from such sale the grantee or
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses incurred or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if
for
myself and my
his
any, to
cogenant
Me
I or
myy
heirs or assigns; and
perform hereby,
heirs and assigns, coɣenant with the grantee and This heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or pur-
chasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale..
And it is Agreed that the grantee or his executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in their behalf, may purchase
;
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shal
performance or
receive the rents and profits thereof.
- And for the consideration aforesaid-
do hereby release unto the said grantee and
En Witness Whereof,
hereunto set
my
cuse.
eight hundred and ninety-
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
John W. Tyler.
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
be answerable for the application of the purchase money; and that, until default in the
and
heirs and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
my
heirs and assigns all right of or to both nowER and HOMESTEAD in the granted premises.
the said William H. Kelley a single
hand and seal
July 13 14 180 6.
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Received
July
23"
this
Thirteenth
man.
"Lay of July
in the year one thousand
William H. Helley Real.
Then personally appeared the above-named Hillici H
his
free act and deed, before me-
1896, and registered from the original
Attest:
- James
Kelley
"John W. Jaylen.
B. Wells
Justice of the Peace.
Register.