164
1 Acknowledge Satisfaction and
hareby discharge this Mortgage, now all Men by these Presents, that s
Ncopaleon & Russell Joseph Rioux of Springfield in the County of Hampden 4 Commonwealth of
June
H, 1902
Witness L. G. Fuller.
Massachusetts'
in consideration of
four hundred & twenty dollars
paid by Napoleon E. Russell of said Springfield
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do her elly give, grant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
Napoleon E. Russell
said
A certain tract of land in said Springfeld described as follows. Beginning in the
38
southerly line of Laurel street at a point, measuring in said line 25236 - westerly from
a stone bound marking the intersection of said line with the westerly line of Plainfield street.
and running thence westerly in said southerly line 50 feet; thence southerly at right angles
with said Southerly line 1348% 0 feet to land of on owner unknown: thence easterly
on the last named land 50 feet to land now or
on
50
formerly of one Ryan; thence northerly
, the last mamed land 13 N NN feet to the point of beginning. The premises being lot
No. 6 on the Plan of Lots recorded in the Registry of Deeds for said County in book 294
page 601. the premises being subject to certain building restrictions mentioned of M.D. Sleefper
to the grantee. This mortgage is given to secure a portion of the purchase money in a certain
deed of the grantes herein to the grantor herein of even date here with
To Have and Hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
Russell
and his heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever
And
hens and assigns that
and fus
hereby for myself and any heus, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the grantee
Jam lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbiances
except certain building restrictions
6.
that
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee and
except as aforesand
have good light to sell and convey the same as ✗foresaid; and that
Provided Nevertheless that if
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of
Д
will and my
hens, executors, and administrators,
heirs and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
hris
four hundred twenty dollars in instalments as stated
I
or
my heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
, or
five
in my note of even date herewith
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the late of
and
poi cent per annum, and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid on assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therem, or on the debt secured hereby,
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fire in a sum not loss than
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee.
executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
ou them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
and, at least two days before the expiration of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to
of the one-so-expшng, and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contamed,—then
whereby
this deed, as also my note of even date herewith signed by
grantee or order the said principal sum and instal ments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void.
me
01
his
me
or
promise to pay to the
his executors, administrators, or
-
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
Springfield
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said Sporing
field
and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple, and such sale shall
me
forever bar
and all persons claiming under
fiom all night and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity And
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
out of money arising from such sale the giantee
the
performance or
then on thereafter payable, mcluding all costs, changes, and expenses incurred or sustained by them by reason of any default in
me
hereby,
heus or assigns,
observance of the said condition, rendering the sui plus, if any, to
and
for myself
and my
heirs and assigns, covenant with the grantee
hens, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
purchaseis a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale.
And it is Agreed that the grantee
his
, or
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
icceive the rents and profits thereof
And for the consideration aforesaid
do hereby release unto the said grantee
In Witness Whereof,
hereunto set
my nine
eight hundred and ninety-
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
Chas St Barrows
COMMONWEALTH
LTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Hampden
SS.
N January
or
his
my
and
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in then behalf, may purchase
be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
and my heirs and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
and
heirs and assigns all right e
both downn and HOMESTEAD In the granted premises
hand
the said
and seal
this
day of
January
in the year one thousand
12
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Received
th
Joseph Rioux
twelfth
Joseph Rioux & Seal
Then personally appeared the above-named
free act and deed, before me-
Joseph Rioux
Charles H. Barrows
James B. Nello
189
his
Jany 18 an
1899
and registered from the original
Attest⚫
1.
Justice of the Peace
Register.
--
-