For Discharge
See 603
174 The Book was Page 1121ow all Men by these Presents, that,
Jee Book 603
"
Carrie B. Morse of Springfield Hampden Co. Mass
In consideration of
one hundred dollars
paid by Herman L. King of said Springfield
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, giant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
"Herman S. Thing
said
a certain lot of land situated on the easterly side of Coleman Street in said
Springfield" is known" & designated as lot numbered eighty eight (88) on Ambrose
© Smiths plan of loto recorded in Hampden County Registry of Deeds in book 506 page 601
being the
Samre
property conveyed to me by Warranty deed of Herman L. King of even date herewith "y
mortgage
given as part payment of the purchase price. This mortgage is a second, is subject to a first mortgage of nine huniched dollars
I
qwen by me this day to loses 1. Wheeler of said Springfield Kereto belonging, to the said
And
Moses P. Wheeler
hereby for
and
his heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever
"myself Jam"
Mose
before stated
heirs and assigns that,
except as
that
and his
and my heirs, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the grantee
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the gianted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances
have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that
and his
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee
except as before stated
Provided Nevertheless that if
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of
#t
, 01
I
will and my heus, executors, and administrators,
hens and assigns for ever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
or
his
"
my
one hundred dollars on demand
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the late of
and
six
per cent per annum, and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therem, or on the debt secured hereby,
one hundred
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against file in a sum not less than
dollars, for the benefit of the giantee
executois, administrators and assigng in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
on them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
and, at least two days before the expiation of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to hum
of the one so expuing, and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,―then
whereby
this deed, as also
note of even date herewith signed by
giantee
me
my
or older the said principal sum and installments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void.
01
Pus
'
promise to pay to the
executois, administrators, or
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
hist publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
field
or
Spring field
Spring.
and may convey
the same by proper deed on deeds to the purchaser or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple; and such sale shall
me
forever bhi
and all persons claiming under
fiom all right and interest in the gianted premises, whether at law or in equity And
Pris
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
out of money anising from such sale the giantee
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, changes, and expenses incurred on sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance oi
and
hereby,
01 my heirs or assigns,
observance of the said condition, rendering the sui plus, if
any, to
and my
his
heirs and assigns, covenant with the giantee
hen's, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchase or
purchasers a deed oi deeds of release confirming such sal
Fale
for myself
And it is Ugreed that the grantee
, or
his
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
receive the rents and profits thereof
me
and
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in their behalf, may purchase
be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
and my
hens and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
And for the consideration aforesaid I. Ensign Morse husband of Carrie B. Mörse
do hereby release unto the said giantee
Ju Witness Whereol,
hereunto set
our
eight hundred and ninety- Mine
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
F. J. Demond
Pris
and
чие the said
hand and seals this
to both
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Hampden
ss
curtesy
heus and assigns all night of or to both DOWER and HOMESTEAD in the granted premises.
17
Carrie B. More Ensign Morse husband and wife
day of January
Carrie B. Morse
in the year one thousand
૧
• Seal
Ensign Morse
• Seal
January 19th 1899 Then personally appeared the above-named
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Received
Janry 19"
her
free act and deed, before me-
grantor
Carrie B. Morse
Frank J. Demond
R. Wells
1899 and registered from the onginal
Attest⚫
Sitat: James
Justice of the Peace.
Register.