6
To
8
J. F. Greaney Know all Men by these Presents, That I Thomas F. Greaney of
Holyoke, Hampden, county, Massachusetts. The grantee mentioned
I.M. Brown. Trustee in the feed of Mortgage given by Thomas Lawlor dated Sept: 263
4
J. F. Greanery..-
To...
1893 and recorded in Hampden County, Mass., Registry of bleeds.
Book 506 Page 262 in consideration of five IHundred $500 Dollars,
paid by I.M. Brown Trustee, of Springfield in the County of Hamp...
den and State of Massachusetts. the receipt whereof I do hereby
acknowledge, do hereby sell, assign and transfer unto the said..
J.M. Brown Trustee the aforesaid Deed of Mortgage, and all.
my right, title and interest, in and to the Real Estate therein
conveyed, with the note therein described.
To Haved to Hold the same to the said J.M. Brown Trustee his.
Steirs and assigns, to their use and behoof forever; free from all
claim or interference of me the said Thomas. F. Greaney or any
person claiming by, from or under.
my
hand and seal this
In Witness Whereof. I hereunto set
Eleventh day of October in the year of our Lord eighteen-
hundred and ninety
three.
bepruuted in the presence of Thomas F. Greaney
John R. Callahan.
Seal
Hampden S.S. Holyoke Mass. Oct. 11th 1893. Then the above_named_
Thomas F. Greaney acknowlege - the above instrument to be his
free act and deed before me......
John R. Callahan... Justice of the Peace
Reed July 1, 1896. and Regd from the original.
Attest.
Яшин 2. Ней
R.
Register.
6. Know all. Men by these Presents, That I Thomast. Greaney
of Holyoke, Hampden County, Massachusetts. The Grantee mentioned_
J. M. Brown. Trustee in. the need of Mortgage given by John. Black dated Sept 26th
1893 and recorded...in Hampden County., Mass., Registry of Deeds..
Book 50% Page 336 in consideration of Five. Hundred (500) Dollars,
-paid by T. M. Brown, Trustee of Springfield in the County of
Hampden and State of Massachusetts the receipt whereof. I do
hereby acknowlege, do hereby sell, assign and transfer unto.
the said J.M. Brown Trustee the aforesaid. Deed of Mortgage,....
my right, title and interest, in and to the Real Es-
tate therein conveyed, with the note therein described.
To. Itave and to Hold the same to the said T.M.Brown, Trustee
his Heirs and assigns, to their use and behoof forever: free
interference of me the said Thomas. F. Greaney
and all
from all claim or
14