132
1 Acknowledge Satisfaction and
hereby discliages Mortgage
Louis N. Dibble
Sept 131809
Wel-R Martinsen.
0000
Stamps10
Know all Men by these Presents, that we
Edward J. Murphy & Fred C. Murphy both of Springfild,
Tlampden County, Massachusetts
.
in consideration of
rs
paid by Louis N. Dibble of Easthampton, Massachusetts
wenty-eight hundred Dollars
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
Louis N. Dibble
said
a lot of land with the buildings thereon situated in said Springfield."4 known",
designated as lot no 19 (mineteen) on said trustees plan of lots recorded in said Peg-
istry, book 558, page 601, said lot being further described as
follows:- beginning
on
the easterly side of Dresden avenue at a point about 172.50 feet northerly from the Wilbra.
ham Road, frunning thence northerly
оп
Dresden on
пие
-fifty (50) feet; thence Easterly at right
angles with Dresden Avenue, one hundred (100) feet: thence Southerly, parallel with Dresden Avenue fifty
(50) feet. I thence Westerly at right angles with Dresden avenue one hundred (100) feet to the place of beginning. Subject to the
restrictions in the deed below referred to. Being the premises conveyed to Fred C Murphy by Columbia Heights Sand Company. -
bredeed dated January 12, 1999 recorded at the Registry of Deeds for said County of Hampden.
12, at
pi
And we hereby for ourselves
Louis N. Dibble
чие але
heirs and assigns that
except said restrictions
that
and his heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever
his
and our heus, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the giantee and
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the gianted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances
عمة
will and our heus, executors, and administrators,
hens and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
we have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee
and nis
as to said restrictions
except
Provided Nevertheless that if
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of
H-
чие
or
our
>
heirs, executois, administrators or assigns, shall unto the grantee
ht hundred dollars on demand
Swenty eight
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the late of
five
pay
, 01
Pus
per cent per annum, and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby,
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against file a cum not love than satisfactorily to and
dollars for the benefit of the grantee and his
executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expiation of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to him on them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expiring, and shall not commit or suffer any stup or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,―then
one
this deed, as also
note of even date herewith signed by
we
whereby
giantee or order the said principal sum and instal ments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void.
feld
forever bai но
us
Spring field
ΟΙ
'
his
promise to pay to the
Spring
-
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
executors, administrators, o1
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remam subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
and
may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchaseis absolutely and in fee-simple; and such sale shall
and all persons claiming under us fiom all night and interest in the gianted premises, whether at law or in equity And
out of money anising from such sale the grantee
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then on thereafter payable, including all costs, changes, and expenses incuried or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or
our hens or assigns; and
observance of the said condition, rendering the suplus, if any, to
hereby,
his
foi
heirs and assigns, covenant with the grantee and
hens, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser 01
purchasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale,
ourselves and
our
ΟΙ
'
our
гие
his
us
or
we
And it is Agreed that the grantee
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in their behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
чие
our
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
hens and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
receive the rents and profits thereof
and
And for the consideration aforesaid I, arm. A. Murphy wife of the said Fred C. Murphyrdd,
Pauline Murphy wife of the said Edward J. Murphis
do hereby release unto the said grantee and
In Witness Whereol, We
hereunto set
our
eight hundied and ninety- mine
Signed, sealed and delivered.
in presence of
Ralph W Elles
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Hampden
SS
ofthes
hens and assigns all nights of on to both DOWER and HOMESTEAD in the granted premises.
the said "Fred C Murphy, ann a Murphy, Edward J. Murphy & Pauline Murphey
hand and seals this
January
13 1899
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Received
Jany,
13%
twelfth
day of
January
in the year one thousand
Seal
Edward J. Murphy & devard J. Murphy + Seal
Pauline Murphy
Ann A. Murphy
Fred C. Murphy
buy
atty'
o seal
- Seal
Then personally appeared Fred C. Murphy the above named grantor
free act and deed, before me—
1899
19 and registered from the original
Attest:
Ralph W. Ellis
Пиши
B. Wells
Justice of the Peace.
MJ
Register.