Know all Men by these Presents, That
Michael Carroll of Agawam, Hampden County, Massachusetts.
1
In consideration of
paid by
Seventy five
Dollars
13 The Hartford & Connecticut Western Railroad Company.
a corporation duly established by law and having a location in said County:
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give grant, bargain, sell and conved unto the
said
The Hartford and Connecticut Railroad Company.
a certain triangular strip of land in the Town of Agawam, bounded
and described as follows: northerly by the highway, Southerly by land of grantor,
Westerly by land of Hb. S. Carrieth, Deginning at a point on south line of highway
on line dividing land of grantor and H.S. Carruth and exteriding thence along
said South line of highway 8.77°W. 319 feet to a point and crossing center line of
the Springfield Brance of the Hartford and Connecticut Western Railroad at
station 249+74, thence S. 56°45′E. 330 feet to a point said line dividing lands
of grantor and H. S. Carruth, thence along said dividing lines. 14°C, 116 feet to place
of beginning and crossing center line of said railroad at station 250 +39.
Said strip contains 3¾ of an acre, more or less.
он
This conveyance is made subject to the following condition, namely, that the
land hereby conveyed shall be used only for railroad purposes and in such man-
ner as is usual, necessary and proper for the construction, maintanance, man-
agement and use of a railroad and whenever said premises shall cease to
be so used then the title to said land shall revest in the grantor, his
heirs and assigns who
at such time be the owner of the premises
тау.
adjoining said land on either or both sides thereof..
And for the consideration aforesaid I hereby release unto the grantee here-
a
& any and all claims for dan ges which I have or may have by read made
Change
in the lines or the
or caused for the purpose of making a crossing of eaid highway over the railroad.
To have and to hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging
to the gald The Hartford + Connecticut Western Railroad Company, its successors.
and
***And
heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever,
I
***hereby for myself.
grantee
covenant with the
and
Myon
heirs, executors and administrators,
successors
and hers, and assigns that Jam
lawfully seized in fee simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances,
that
and
grantee
persons
I have good right to sell and convey the same as aforesaid; and that
my...
я
will
heirs, executors and administrators shall warrant and defend the same to the
and its successorshoirs and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all
And for the consideration aforesaid I Margaret Carroll, wife of
Michael Carroll do
"hereby release unto the paid 6 grantee and its successors tretes and assigns all riglit of or to both
dower
and homestead in the granted premises.
In witness whereof, we the said
Michael Carroll and
Margaret Carroll
hereunto set
5
hands and seals this
and Februari
ary fence
twenty-third
day of
in the year one thousand light hundred and ninety-nine
Signed, sealed and delivered in presence of
Albert R. Fuller
' as to both
Michael Carroll & seal
Margaret Carroll seal
Commonwealth of Massachusetts.
Hampden so. February twenty fifeth 1899. Then personally appeared the
above-named Michael Carroll and acknowledged the foregoing instrument
to be his free act and deed, before m me. Albert R. Fuller. Justice of the Peace.
Rec'd Feb. 28.1899 and • Reg'd from the original'
Attest James R. Wells. Register
ما
5