560
For Partial Releases 200
Book 683 Page 199
731
" 16
3 Acknowledge Satisfaction and
*ereby discharge this Mortgage.
Find y
Know all Men by these Presents, that s
Lisa B Huntley, of Agawam, Hampden County, Massachusetts.
In consideration of Three Hundred Seventy Five Dollars ($75)
paid by Fred P. Halladay, of sand Agawam,
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, baigain, sell and convey unto the
Said Fred P Halladay
A certain fiste 26.21 And with the buildings thereon situated in said Agawam
Witness
A.L.
Jordan
مم
and bounded and described as follows; - A certain tract of land containing
fifteen acres more or less, situated on Mill Street, in said Agawam, and
being so much of the premises as is described in a deed from one Francis
Sherman by the name of Frances Hubbard to Charles C. Wright, recorded
in Hampden Registry of Deeds in Book 277, Page +49, and being the same
firemises conveyed to Frank S Huntley by deed of Silas Dunton and Thomas
D. Winter, by deed dated April 26th 1895, and recorded in said Registry of
Deeds en
Book 536, Page 61, to which deeds and the references and descripe-
tions. therein contained reference may be had for a more particular description.
Have and to hold the granted premises, with all the pivileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
Am
and his heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever
PHA
And
hens and assigns that
hereby for
aday
myself
that g have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that g
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee
and his
and my heus, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the giantec
and his
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances
will and my heirs, executois, and administrators,
heirs and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
vollars ($75)
, or his
Provided Nevertheless that if
or my heirs, executois, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
executois, administrators or assigns the sum of Jhree Hundred & Seventy Five
-
Five Hundred
in four years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of five
per cent. per annum, and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid on assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby,
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fire in a sum not less than
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee and
executois, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall appiove,
him
and, at least two days before the expiation of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to
or them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expuing, and shall not commit or suffer any stup or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,―then
this deed, as also my note of even date herewith signed by
giantee or order the said piincipal sum and instal ments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void
me
whereby
or
'
his
promise to pay to the
But upon aup default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
executors, administrators, or
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such poition thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said A.
01
be not
m
sche
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some ong newspaper published in said County
and may convey the same by proper ador Teeds to the purchaser or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple, and such sale shall
forever bai me and all persons claiming under me from all night and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity. And
out of money ausing from such sale the grantee
his representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, changes, and expenses incurred on sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or
observance of the said condition, endeing the sui plus, if any, to
or my heus or assigns, and ร
hereby,
for myself
and my
hens and assigns, covenant with the grantee and his
hens, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
purchases a deed on deeds of release confirming such sale
And it is Agreed that the grantee
ΟΙ
'
me
his executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in the behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money; and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
and my heins and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
receive the rents and profits thereof
And for the consideration aforesaid I, Frank S Huntley, Husband of the said Sida B Huntley
hus
hens and assigns all night of on to both Den and HOMESTEAD in the granted premises, all right
the said Luda B Huntley the sand Frank S. Huntley
seventeenth day of
in the year one thousand
do hereby release unto the said giantee
by statutes there
In Witness Whereof,
hereunto set
our
eight hundred and ninety- mine
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
9. W. Moore
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Hampden ss.
and
we
hands and seals this
April 17
7th
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Lida B. Huntley escal
Frank's Huntley real
1899.
Then personally appeared the above-named
her free act and deed, before me-
Received Stil 18, 1899 and registered from the original
Attest⚫
James
Aperel
Sida B Huntley
W. Moore
James R. Wells.
Justice of the Peace
Register.