42,
Acknowledge Satisfaction and
Stamp 259+c.
hereby age this Mortgage now all Men by these Presents, that we
Swed Hood
Witness' LG Fuller
fily 19, 1897
Mary J Maxfield Rd Frank H Maxfield husband wife
bath of Springfield, Hamfiden County, Massachusetts.
in consideration of ten hundred ninety-five dollars
as Road of said Springfield
paid by
the recept whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
said
at 19 Road
a lot of
land with the buildings thereon situated on the northerly side of
Dartmouth Street, in said Springfield, and bounded as follows. Beginning at
a point on the northerly side of said street distant four hundred righty (480)
feet westerly of Yale Street, & running
nning thence Westerly on said Dartmouth
Street sixty (60) feet to land now or formerly of 9.19Wm. H. McKnight; thences
Northerly at right angles with Dartmouth Street one hundred fifty-two (152)
feet, thence Easterly parallel with Dartmouth Street sixty (bo) feet, chence
Southerly at right angles with Dartmouth Street one hundred fifty-two
feet to the place of beginning. Being the same feremises conveyed to Mary
I Maxfield by Albert A Ball by his deed of Warranty dated November 23, 1885
recorded in Hampden County Registry of Deeds in Book 416, Page 570 und
this conveyance is made subject to the restrictions referred to in said deed.
Also subject to a mortgage of forty-eight hundred dollars to the Woronoco Savings
Bank To Have and to Hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
and his heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever
lood
and hus
And We hereby for selves and heus, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the grantec
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbiances
except said restrictions and said first.
ortgage
heirs and
that
assigns that
we
will and our
, or his
heirs, executors, and administrators,
we have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid; and that
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee and hus heirs and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
except as to aforesaid restrictions and mortgage
Provided Nevertheless that if we, or our heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of ten hundred and ninety-five
on demand
In-
quarterly
ten
llars prayable
per cent. per annum,
and until such payment shall
years from this date, with interest manually at the rate of
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby;
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against file in a sum not less than satisfactorily to and
dollars, for the benefit of the giantee and is executors, admistrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expiation of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to hum or them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expiring, and shall not commit or suffer any strip 01 waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,―then
whereby
this deed, as also one
russ
note of even date herewith signed by
grantee or order the said principal sum and instalments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void
promise to pay to the
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee 01 his executois, administrators, 01
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
ܡܥ forever bar
01
محمد
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
Springfield and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple; and such sale shall
and all persons claiming unde us from all right and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity. And
Pres
out of money arising from such sale the grantee
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses incuried or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or
oucheins or assigns,
We hereby,
and
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to
vesand our
heirs and assigns, covenant with the grantee and his heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power, we or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
purchases a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale
for
And it is Agreed that the grantee
01
his
eus
or
executois, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in their behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
hers and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
receive the rents and profits thereof.
And for the consideration aforesaid-
do hereby release unto the said grantee and
In Witness Whereoſ,
hereunto set
our
we
we
and our
hens and assigns all right of or to both power and HOMESTEAD in the granted premises
the said. Mary Maxfield by the said Frank H Maxfield
hand Sand seal this twenty second day of December
eight hundred and tunety- right.
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
Henry Fuller for both
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
lary J. Maxfield seal.
Frank H Maxfield seal.
Hamfidenss December7,1898 Then personally appeared the
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be their
Received
in the year one thousand
above-named Mary Maxfield Frank H Marfield
free act and deed, before me-
Dec. 22, 189 8 and registered from the original
Attest.
Henry Fuller,
R Wells
Justice of the Peace.
Register.