118
Fee Discharge, B.666 $303
Know all Men by these Presents, that
John H. Boyle, of Springfield, Hampden County, Massachusetts, Guardian of
Delia A. Boyle, also of said Spring field by vertice of a licence granted to me on the
fourth day of January A.D. 1899, by the Probate Court for said County of Hamp-
Jive hundred "d fifty. Dollars
"Mary C. Carroll of said Springfield
den and
In consideration of
paid by
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, baigam, sell and convey unto the
Mary C. Carroll
said
all the right title "4 interest of the said Delia A. Boyle (the
ume being
Dame
a one
• half interest) in "d to a
certain lot of land with the buildings thereon situated in said Springfuld bounded & described
as
follows: Beginning at a point in the northerly line of Palmer street five hundred fifty'
(550) feet easterly by said line from the easterly line of Locust street running thence easterly
by said Palmer street sixty (60) feet; thence northerly at right angles with Palmer street about one,
hundred ³/ twelve (112) feet to land now or
s or formerly of one Merriam; thence westerly byland of Merre-
am sixty (60)
60) feet to land of one Thomas Checkley (formerly of Whitcher" Nelson) and thence southerly
by said land of Checkley at right angles with Palmer street about one hundred by twelve (112) feet to the
point of beginning. (Palmer street is now usually called Palmer Avenue.) And I, the said John It Boyle,
in consideration of the premises, do hereby give, grant, bargain, sell convey unto the said Mary C. Carroll, all my "
right, titled interest in³y to the above described real estate (the same being a one half interest therein).
that
чие
and her
To Have and to hold the granted piemises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
Mary C. Carroll
and her heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever
And I
hereby for my sell said ward and our hens, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the giantee
hens and assigns that
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances
except a mortgage of Eighteen hundred and fifty dollars
9
have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid; and that
9
will and my hens, executors, and administrators,
shall WARRANT and defend the same to the grantee and her hens and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons.
except
as to said mortgages.
Provided Revertheless that if or said way for over heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
Five handred and Fifty Dollars on demand
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of
five (5)
"
or
ร
her
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of
per cent per annum, and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted piemises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby,
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fire in a sum not less than satisfactory to the
granter
dolls, for the benefit of the grantee
and her
executois, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expuation of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to her oi them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expuing, and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises; or any breach of any covenant herein contained, then
this deed, as also one note of even date herewith signed byome individually as Guardian, whereby, undurdually as promise to pay to the
or older the said principal sum and installments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void
giantee
, 01
her
But upon any default in the performance oi observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
executors, administrators, or
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
Spring field
01
And
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said Spring-
field and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchaseis absolutely and in fee-simple, and such sale shall
forever bar med Dard wandand all persons claiming under me or said ward from all 1ight and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity
out of money aising from such sale the giantee
her
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then or thereafter payable, meluding all, costs, changes, and expenses incurred or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance oi
observance of the said condition, rendering the sui plus, if any, to mey said ward
our hens of assigns,
or
and
uardian as afores and
hereby,
for my self individu 4 said ward's hens and assigns,.covenant with the grantee
and her
hens, executois, administrators, and assigns that, in
quardian asaforesaid
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,, undurdually asor they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchase or
purchasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale
her
And it is Agreed that the giantee
, Or
and as guardian as
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in then behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be auswerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed,unundually and my yo and wardshens and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
1eceive the ients and profits thereof.
And for the consideration aforesaid
do hereby release unto the said grantee and
In Witness Whereol,
my
hereunto set
eight hundred and ninety- mine
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
J. J. Stapleton Jr
д
the said
hand
and seal
this
seventh.
aforesaid
in the year one thousand
hens and assigns all right of or to both DOWER and HOMESTRAD in the granted premises.
John H. Boyle undurdually das Guardian as
day of January
John Jo Boyle
John H. Boyle Guardian of
Delia Boyle
Then personally appeared the above-named
his free act and deed, before me
Received
Janis
ch
189
9
and registered from the original
Attest.
• Seal
* Seal
John J4 Boyle
John F. Stapleton Jr.
James B. Wells
is
Justice of the Peace.
Register.
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Hampden
SS
January 7th 1899
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
4