406
1 Acknowledge Satisfaction and
hereby discharge this Mortgage.
Joseph WWatters
Sept 16-04
wit leled afford
Know all Men by these Presents, that s.
9.
Delia Ċ Bascom of the Town of Longmeadow, Hamfiden County,
Maass
In consideration of One hundred dollars
paid bosch W Watters of said Longmeadow
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, giant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
eph W.
Latters
said
All that realty that was conveyed to merby Charles S Connor, Admines-
trator, by deed dated Aferel 15, 1891 and recorded in Requstry of Deeds
for said Hamfiden County in Book 477, Page 111, said realty being de-
scribed as follows a certain tract of land with the buildings thereon
situated on the east side of Main St. in the Village of Longmeadow
bounded as follows, to wit: on the North by the highway and by land of
formerly of John D Coomes, on the East and South by land of Charlotte Coomes,
and on the West by said Main St.
For more particular description see said Registry of Deeds Book 250 Page 48.
Have and to Hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
and his heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever
And
Watters.
hereby for myself and my heus, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the grantee and his
am
hens and assigns that
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances
except a mortgage of Four hundred thirty
that
E
have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid; and that g
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee and his
will and my
heirs, executors, and administrators,
hens and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
, or my
Provided Nevertheless that if
heirs, executois, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of One hundred dollars
'
orhis
m
mand
tit
Jux
you from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of
per cent. per annum, and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the gianted premises or on any interest therem, or on the debt secured hereby,
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fire in a sum not less than
tory to an
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee and is executois, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expiation of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to him or them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expiring; and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted piemises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,―then
this deed, as also one note of even date herewith signed by
grantee oi oider the said principal sum and instal ments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void
me
whereby
'
ΟΙ
hes
promise to pay to the
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
executors, administrators, or
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said Longmes
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said Springfield
said County and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchase or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple; and such sale shall
folevel bar mme and all persons claiming under me fiom all night and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity. And
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
for
me
or
my
out of money ausing from such sale the grantee 01
then or thereafter payable, mcluding all costs, changes, and expenses incurred or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if
any, to
hereby,
heus on assigns; and
and
and his
my self my
heirs and assigns, covenant with the grantee
heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
purchasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale
And it is Agreed that the grantee
or
'
6:
ร
-
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in then behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchase shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
hens and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
receive the rents and profits thereof
and
-
And for the consideration aforesaid
heirs and assigns all night of or to both DOWER and HOMESTEAD in the granted promises.
the said
Deligh
hand and seal
this
Важот м
married
day of March
in the year one thousand
do hereby release unto the said grantee and
In Witness Whereol,
hereunto set
my
eight hundred and ninety-nine.
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
9. Dunleavy
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Hamfiden
SS. March
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Received Mar 14,
Delia
Bascom seal
1899
Дева С. Важот
Justice of the Peace.
Then personally appeared the above-named
her free act and deed, before me
James
& Dunleavy,
1899 and registered from the original Далило в. Тель.
Attest.
шлю
12. Jan
Register.
I