now all Men by these Presents, that
Mary L. Cooley of Holyoke in the County of Hampden
and Commonwealth of Massachusetts
In consideration of.
paid by
Tuberty.
two. Hundred, Forty: one of 20/100 Dollars
the receipt Prew of sard Holyoker
John
John J
ania
do hereby acknowledge, do hereby give, grant, sell, and convey unto the
and Assigns,
BOOK 5 56
8
For Discharge See Parts 549 Page 551
A sertain lot of land, with the buildings thereon, situated in said tbs
scribed as
•Holyoke, bounded and de-
called
•follows, my. Beginning at a point in the easterly side of Bigh Street, formerly
corner
of the lot of land conveyed to N. Clark by the Headley Falls
12 1855, and thence
Spruce Street, at the northerly
Company by deed dated
January
rumung northeasterly
Street fifty (50) feet, thence southeasterly at a right angle tto soud
on said Hough
n formerly
Hugh Street one hundred and ten
(10 feet to the center line of an alley rumning from Fountain Street to Prospect Street : thence south.
westerly's on said center line of sand alley fifty (50) feet. thence northwesterly along land now or
frand black one hundred (ten (11) feet to the place of beginning, containing 5,500 square feet,.
being the premises conveyed to me by Hate Brennan by deed dated
John Jens Hots and Assigns, to their use and behoof forever.
26
the
Orew
dated Jume 15% 1896
And 2 nd do, for my solf my H
seept a Mortgage of # 2400 to the Barre Savings Bank 4 a Mortgage
do, for my solf my Heirs, Executors and Administrators, covenant with the said John & Crew has
lawfully seized in fee of the afore-granted premises; that they the free of all incumbrances,
to W. Lincoln
and that
have good right to sell and convey the same to the sald Crew
will warrant and defend the same premises to the said Prew
'
of $600
-Heirs and Assigns forever, against the lawful claims and demands of all persons.
Provided Nevertheless, and this deed is on the following condition, that whereas I,
have executed on
длявал
the said Moary I Corley
Promissory Note of Hand, bearing even date herewith
on demand to the order
payable.
aunum
for the sum of Twenty four Kundred, forty-one & the Dollars
of John I Prew with interest payable semi-annually at the rate of six per cent per
and during the continuance of this mortgage fave agreed to pay all taxes nasessed on the granted premises, or on any interest therein or on the
debt secured hereby, and keep the buildings on said premises insured against fire, in a sum satisfactory to and for the benefit of the Grantes and
fus Heirs and Assigns, Le
Legal Representatives,
or muy
Therefore, if
Legal
the mid Stary & Cooley
represonthat the full amount of snid Note according to the tenor thereof, and shall pay said taxes and
keep said buildings insured as aforesaid, then this deed shall be void; otherwise in full force.
his Assigns
n
his or their name o
having first published notice of the time
But, if default shall bo mado in the performance of any of the foregoing conditions, the Grantee and
legal representatives, are hereby constituted my lawful attorneys for me and in
namesto sell and dispose of the aforesaid lands at public auction, on or near the premises,
and place of the intended sale, once a week, for three successive weeks, in some Newspaper, if there be any, published in the city or town
where said premises are situated; and if no Newspaper is published in such city or town, then in some Newspaper printed in the county where
the mortgaged premises are situated, tho first publication to be at least twenty-one days before the day of anle,
and in
his or their name or
my
namesto execute and deliver to the purchasers thereof, good and sufficient deeds of convey-
ance for the same; and of the money arising therefrom to retain a sum equal to the amount remaining unpaid on said Noto and all expenses
incurred in the matter, rendering unto me or my Here, assigne or Legal representatives a true and particular account of the same, with
any overplus that may remain thereof. And until such default the Granteo shall allow.me
Amy.
"Юань, алидни
quor legal representatives
undisturbed possession of said eatato.
And it is agreed that the Grantee or his Heirs or signs, or any one in his or their behalf may purchase at any sale made as
Legal Representatives
aforesaid and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money.
In Witness Whereof, el
the sold Meary L Carley "4. Herbert W. Cooley husband of
and the said Mary & in toben of my consent-wife of card to this conveyance and
to release all claim to doider and all homestead exemption fights in the aforesaid premises, have hereunto set
thirty. first
day of
Rxecuted in the presence of
Albert A 24
A Tyler
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
HAMPDEN, 89.
August 2/
august
}
hands and seals this
in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six
Mary L Corley
Herbert H. Cooley
1896. Then the within named
soknowledged the within instrument to be her free not and deed before mo
Received
Sept 1
Heal
Heal
Mary L Corley
Justice of the Peace
Albert A Tyler
"James R. Wells Regiter.
1896 and registered from the original. Attest:
more or less
5