6
み
In Discharge
SuBoth 675 Page 380
Stamps / 7.5 & cancelled.
now all Men by these Presents, that
Jannie & Hudson, of Sparingfield, bounty of Sanrifidin
Massachusetts.
70
1.00
I
Frank. N. Swan Wilbur M. Swan I in consideration of Five. Thousand minety one of the
Dollarspaid by Lydia. J.Swan,
ง
wan and Leila W. Japles of caid Springfield
the receipt where of is.hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, bargain, bell and convey unto the
said
L. J. Swan et als.
a certain tract of land with building thereon bounded and described as follows: Beginning
at an Ixon end in the northerly line of Marengo Avenue which is distant about (5.0.) one
hundred and fifty feet from a shone bruund in the northerly corner
corner of Belmont Avenue
and
. Marongs Avenue and runs thence Noutairly along the unthinly line of Marengo Ammice (60)
ruxity feet to am Irm rod, & thence Northwestiely at right angles to Marengo Avenue (12.5)toric hundred
an Iron
and
and turnity five feet to an Iron rod, strence Soutuvertuely be sixty feet to an Iron and thence Southerly (20)
one hundred and
sturenty flir feet to place of beginning. No building to be placed nearer than twenty sight
feet to the inside live of sidewalk to Marengo Avenue
Have and hold
Swan, Wilbur, M. Iyan, Frederic ( I was heila W Tapley and
And
chydia J. Swan. Frank N.
thevi
the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
The heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever.
heirs, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the grantee $ and thevi
my
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances
hereby for myself
heirs and assigns that
that
I
Jami
and
have good right to sell and convey the same as aforesaid; and that
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee
Provided Nevertheless that if
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of
."
or
I
will and my
heirs, executors, and administrators,
and the heirs and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons.
my
Five thousand
heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee J
yours from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of gone.
70
100
dollars on demand
cise 6%
Your
or
thevi
per cent. per annum; and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby;
shall keep the buildings on said premises insure against fire in a sum not less than
housand
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee and there executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expiration of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to
or them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expiring; and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,―then
this deed, as also
my note of even date herewith signed by
me
" whereby
grantees or order the said principal sum and installments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void.'
."
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee ♪, or
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
ange
thevi
promise to pay to the
executors, administrators, or
remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
prrrigfield
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
-
пие
theve
Springfield
and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple; and such sale shall
forever bar me and all persons claiming under
from all right and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity. And
out of money arising from such sale the grantee or
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether‍
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses incurred or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to
for
myself
and
my
Me
chu
or
my
or
heirs or assigns; and
heirs and assigns, covenant with the grantee $ and Nevi
hereby,
heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power, covgant
purchasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale.
And it is Agreed that the grantee $, or hivi
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser
performance or observance of the condition of
receive the rents and profits thereof.
And for the consideration aforesaid
s
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in their behalf, may purchase
be answerable for the application of the purchase money; and that, until default in the
heirs and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
shall
this
and
my
H. Hudson husband of so
I, &. W.
their
do hereby release unto the said grantee and
In Witness Whereoſ,
очен
hereunto set
eight hundred and ninety- eight.
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
Jane S. Paige
Hampden
the said
hand and seal this
witness to bath
OF MASSACHUSETTS,
SS.
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
reancelled.
Stamp
10
Received
Aug 43
1898
Raid Jannie J. Hudson.
eg.
purtesy
Heirs and assigns all right of or to both DOWER and HOMESTEad in the granted premises.
annie J. Hudson and raid I. W. Hudson.
day of
fuist
april
in the year one thousand
Jannie J. Hudson Scal.
J. W. Hudson Seal.
S.W. Hudson
Then personally appeared the above-named
his free act and deed, before me-
1898 and registered from the original
Attest:
Ralph P.Alden
1. Jamu R. Mill
Wells
Notary Public.
Justing of the Peace
Register.