490
St. Mich ge 0 759 $263
Know all Men by these Presents, that 9,
Elizabeth + Mosher of West Springfield, Hamfiden. County,
Mass.
in consideration of One hundred Exfifty (150) dollars
paid by Russell H. Pefifur also of said West@fringfield
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, giant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
said
A certain lot of land in West Springfield situate on the northerly side of Lowell
Avenue, bounded Southerly by said Avenue fifty two feet two inches 52.2) West.
erly by land formerly conveyed to G.W. Marshall one hundred "I six (106) feet;
Northerly Ed Easterly by land of Boston & Albany Railroad one hundred twenty
eight (128) feet Being lot No. 6 on Williams & Hazeltons plan of Lats on said Avenue
and recorded in Book 455 Page 6ol of Hampden County Registry of Deeds
Being also the same premises conveyed to Peter Mosher by Augusta L.
Bohanon by deeded recorded with Hampiden County Registry of Deeds,
Book 472. Page 183.
To Have and to hold the granted piemises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
P
And g
er
hereby for
heirs and assigns that
that
upself
and his heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever
مصون
and my heirs, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the grantee and his
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbiances
will and my
have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid; and that ร
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee and his
hens, executors, and administrators,
hens and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
r
Provided Nevertheless that if
>
or my
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of One hundred
heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
fifty (150)-dollar
or
'
hus.
on
emand
1
珊
pay
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of
Jix
per cent per annum,
and until such payment shall
all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid on assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby;
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fire in a sum not less than
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee and
executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such meurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expuation of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to
or them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
and shall not commit or suffer any stip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herem contained,―then
whereby
my note of even date herewith signed by
me
of the one so expшing,
this deed, as also
giantee 01 order the said principal sum and instalments of interest at the time aforesaid shall be void.
{field
and
6
promise to pay to the
executors, administrators, oi
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
301 his
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said pringfield
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
I may convey the same by proper deed oi deeds to the purchaser or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple, and such sale shall
forever bar me and all persons claiming under me
fiom all night and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity And
out of money aising from such sale the grantee
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, changes, and expenses incurred or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to me
or heus of assigns, and
hereby,
for myself
and
heus and assigns, covenant with the grantee and his
heus, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser of
purchasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale
my
And it is Agreed that the grantee
> or
ΟΙ
his
executois, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in their behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed 9
heus and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted piemises and
receive the rents and profits thereof
And for the consideration aforesaid J, Peter Mosher Husband of Elizabeth I Masher
do hereby release unto the said giantee and
te
his
and my
heirs and assigns all night of 01-to-both DOWER and HOMESTEAD in the granted premises.
id all right.
hand and seal this
day of
Aperel
in the year one thousand
preal
by Witness Whereof, We the said Elizabeth and Peter Mosher
hereunto set
eight hundied and ninety- mine
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
A.& now to both
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Hampden SS. Aferil 3rd
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
allind
Elizabeth J. Mosher a
Peter Mosher
aseal
189. Then personally appeared the above-named
free act and deed, before me--
Elizabeth F. Masher
Abraham & now
Justice of the Peace
2
Received Арние 3,
189 and registered from the original
Attest
nis R. Wells
Register.
}