1888
M
BOOK 5 56
By league munts Les Book
10 559 Pule 824 83
Acknowledge Satisfaction and
hereby discharge this Mortgage.
Chas Edward Murray.
apr. 7. 1902
Witness £y. Fuller
:
We
Know all Men by these Presents, that
Forses Lous Cooley, Benjamin Pearg
and Samuel Bearg,
and challe
of Springfield, Xcampden County, Maassachusetts
In consideration of
paid by
Five Hundred.
Dollars
Celeron Poupe 24 Athed Frances Coupe of said Springfield
the receipt whereof we do hereby acknowledge, do hereby give, grant, sell, and confer unto the
Francis Coupe, their
Baid
Chebecca and alfred
Heirs and Assigns,
Orchard in said Springfield,
a certain lot of land situate in the village of Indian Orchard in said
described as follows Beginning.
corner
all
Springfield, bounded and
at the North East comer of land hereby conveyed, and at the South East
•
Mc
- and
- of land heretofore conveyed by Carlos Pease to one Moe (Donald, on Johnson Street," of running theme
Westerly.
on said Mc Donald's land about two hundred and
on send
Lyons
• twentysix (226) feet to
Lyons
Street, fifty (07) feet, thence Easterly on land now or
former
Street, thence Southerly on
by of rard Pease
•
in a lime parallel with the Northerly line of sard lot about two hundred and
twenty six (226) feet to sard,
to sond Johnson Street, thence Northerly
point of beginning Deng the
same
on said
& Johnson Street fifty feet to the
said Rebecca Poupe.
the
•premuses this day converged to us by
To have and to hold the afore-granted premises to the said Pebeca Prupe and Mered Frances Coupe.
the Heirs and Assigns, to their use and behoof forever.
And we do, for ourselves, our Heirs, Executors and Administrators, covonant with the said grantees,
their
Heire and Assigns, that
lawfully seized in feo of the afore-granted premises; that they are free of all incumbrances;
we are
excepting
That we have good right to sell and convoy the same to the said
and that We will warrant and defend the same premises to the said grantees
one mortgage to Davenport L Fuller on which Four Hundred Dollars is due
grantees
and their Heirs and Assigns forever, against the lawful claims and demands of all porsons,
excepting said mortgage
Provided Nevertheless, and this deed is on the following condition, that whereas
to the grantees hereof.
have executed our
As you. Y several Prometeory We the said Corley Bears & Bear
Hundred Dollars, payable One Xan
of Fine
? or order, for the sum
dred Dollars per year, with interest at six per cent per annum.
payable
remi-annually
und during the continuance of this mortgage have agreed to pay all taxes assessed on the granted fremises, or on any interest therein for on the
debt secured hereby, and keep the buildings on said premises insured against fire, in a sum satisfactory to and for the benefit of the Grantees and
thun Heirs and Assigns.
ог
Therefore, if
www
We
the said Candley, Wearg and Georg
representatives shall pay the full amount of said Note according to the tenor hereof, and shall pay said taxes and
keep and buildings insured as aforesaid, then this deed shall be void; otherwise in full force.
our
But, if default shall be made in the performance of any of the foregoing conditions, the Grantees and their
legal representatives, are hereby constituted
lawful attorneys for and in
our or their
namesto sell and dispose of the aforesaid lands at public auction, on or near the premises; they having frst published notice of the time
and place of the intended sule, onco a week, for three successive wooks, in some Newspaper, if there be any, published in the city or town
where said premises are situated; and if no Nowspaper is published in such city or town, then in some Newspaper printed in the county where
the mortgaged premises are situated, the first publication to be at least twenty-one days before the day of sale,
and in
our on their
or
Ab
ti
namesto execute and deliver to tho purchasers thereof, good and sufficient deeds of convey.
ance for the same; and of the money arising therefrom to retain a sum equal to the amount remaining unpaid on said Note and all expenses
incurred in the matter, rendering unto
representatives a true and particular account of the same, with
any overplus that may remain thereof. And until such dofault the Grantees shall allow
legal representatives
undisturbed possession of said cstato.
and
-er their behalf may purchase at any sale made as
And it is agreed that the Grantees or their Heirs or Assigns, or any one in
aforesaid and that no other purchaser shall bo answerable for the application of the purchase money.
En Witness Whereof, we
and Fanny Bearg
The raid Moose & Corley, Bergasime Beary 4 Samuel Dearg
wife of said Denjamin Dearg
to release all flaim to douter and all homestead exemption rights in the aforesaid premises, have hereunto fet
twenty eighth
day of
Executed in the presence of
Ujmp.
P Hayes by?)
Mir
hands and seal ↳ this
in the year of our Lord ons thousand eight hundred and ninety- siy
July
Moses Low barley
тв
Lt
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
HAMPDEN, 69.
July 28.
Sammel Bearg
Benjamin Bearg
Bearg
Fannie Be
Sual
seal
oseal
ملموسة
1896. Then the within named Moses Louver, 4 Samuel Berg
acknowledged the within instrument to be theirfree act and deed before me
War. O. Hays.
Received
Sept
2"
1896 and registered from the original. Attest:
" Janu
12. Well
་
Justice of the Peace.
Register.