40
▸
1
195
Know all Men by these Presents, that. If which 45
Stephen PP. Ashley, of Springfield, County of Hampden, Massachusetts
in consideration of
One Hundred Thirty Two", 344/100 Dollars (#132.34)
paid by Edward J. Murphy, also of said Spring field
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, giant, bargam, sell and convey unto the
said Edward J. Murphy.
Whichunge
Su Bisk. 613 Page 114
23
A certain parcel of land situated on the northerly side of Broad Street, in said Spring.
field and bounded as follows:- Southerly by Broad Street Thirty Seven Feet of six
and
inches (37 fe'l in ), Easterly by land of J. M. Granger, about One Hundred Seven Feet
thence Northerly by land now or formerly of David Warner, Thirty Seven'" y one half feet
(107ft):
(37% ft). 4 Westerly by my own land, about One Hundred", Seven "Feet (107 ft). being the East-
24
erly half of land conveyed to me
by Diodate L. Swan dated January 8th 1872
2 Edward J. Murphy.
And
hereby for
heirs and assigns that
myself
and his
To Have and to Hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
and his heirs and assigns, to then own use and behoof forever
said
and my hens, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the giantee
Jam lawfully seized in fees are
of the granted piemises, that they are free from all incumbrances
Except a mortgage of Two Thousand Five Hundred
ते
hens, executors, and administrators,
heirs and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
f
that
have good right to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee and
his
, or
my
will and
my
pay
Provided Nevertheless that if
heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall unto the grantee
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of One Hundreds Thirty Sword 34/100 Dollars payable Swenty Swo
Dollars Fived twothirds cents on the 18th day of each month
in
six
mo.
6%
, or his
per cent per annum, and until such payment shall
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid on assessed, whether on the gianted premises or on any interest theiem, or on the debt secured hereby,
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fire in a sum not less than "Satisfactory
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee and his executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expiration of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to
or them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expiring; and shall not commit oi suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, on any breach of any covenant herein contained, then
this deed, as also
note of even date herewith signed by
whereby
giantee or oide the said principal sum and instal ments of interest at the time aforesaid shall be void
له
me
me
01
his
promise to pay to the
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
executois, administrators, or
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
Springfield
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in sund Spring-
field
me
01
his
me
And
and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchaseis absolutely and in fee-simple; and such sale shall
forever bar
and all persons claiming under me fiom all night and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity
out of money arising from such sale the grantee
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, changes, and expenses incurred or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance of
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to
and my
hens and
assigns,
for myself
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
purchases a deed oi deeds of release confirming such sale,
And it is Agreed that the grantee
his
'
ΟΙ
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
receive the rents and profits thereof
or
and
hus
my
hers or assigns,
and
hereby,
nt with the giantee
hen's, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
cogenant
shall
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in then behalf, may purchase
be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
and my
heirs and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted piemises and
And for the consideration aforesaid I, Abby F. Ashley, wife of said Stephen R. Ashley
to
do hereby release unto the said grantee and
In Witness Whereof,
hereunto set
our
eight hundied and ninety-mine
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
Fred C Murphy
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
чие
Pris
heirs and assigns all right of or to both DOWER and HOMESTEAD In the granted premises.
the said Abby Fay & Stephen R Ashley
hands and seal S this eighteenth day b² January
Hampden ss. January
20th
1899
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Stephen PP Ashley
+
in the year one thousand
Seal
“
Seal
Abby T. Ashley
Then personally appeared the above-named
his
free act and deed, before me-
Stephen B. Ashley
Fred C. Murphy
Justice of the Peace.
Notary Public
Received
Jany,
24th
1899
and registered from the original
Attest.
B. Wells
Register