1
400
See Assignment,
88 625 & 491
1 Acknowledge Satisfaction and
hereby discharge this Mortgage.
Roman
Jun 6.1904
A. Crane
Mit JR Malls.
beginning on
Sta
Know all Men by these Presents, that₁,
Ina I Wilson of Springfield, Hampden County, Massachusetts
In consideration of Thirteen hundred Dollars
paid by Frederick W Lathrop of raid Stringfield.
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, baigain, sell and convey unto the
said Frede
W Lachoke,
certain real estate situated in said Springfield bounded described as follows:-
the southwesterly side of Brown street at land of one Brown drun.
ning thence Northwesterly on Brown street fifty (50) feet; thence Southwesterly
parallel with said Brown's land one hundred (100) feet to land of paid Brown: thence
Southeasterly on said Brown'sland fifty (50) feet, thence northeasterly on said
Brown's land one hundred (100) feet to the place of beginning Subject to a mortgage
of $2700 to fames ( Law Being the premises conveyed to me by Frederick W
жеву
Lathrope by deed dated March - 1899 to be recorded at the Registry of Deeds
for said County of Hampedend subject to the building restrictions referred to
in said deed.
To Have and to hold the granted piemises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
Frederick W Lathrop
And
hereby for myself
Jam
and his
heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof foievei
and my heirs, executors and administrators, covenant with the grantee and 'hus,
heus and assigns that
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbiances
except said mortgage and restrictions
that д have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid; and that
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee and his heus and assigns for ever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
except as to said restr
'
tions
Provided Nevertheless that if g or my
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of thirteen
dollars each three months
th
will and
my
hens, executois, and administrators,
,
or his
nts of
heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
undred
in in
Jaixa
per cent per annum, and until such payment shall
years from this date, with interest sem ly at the late of
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest thei ein, or on the debt secured hereby,
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against file in a sum-not less than satisfactorily to and
dollars, for the benefit of the giantee and executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expuation of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to him on them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expuing; and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained, then
this deed, as also one
note of even date herewith signed by
whereby
grantee or older the said principal sum and instal ments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void.
me
01
his
promise to pay to the
executors, administi ators, or
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said Springfield
out of money aising from such sale the grantee or
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
Springfield and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple, and such sale shall
forever bar me, and all persons claiming undel me
fiom all night and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity And
representatives shall be entitled to retain all suins then secured by this deed, whether
then on thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses incurred or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or
observance of the said condition, endeing the surplus, if any, to
01 my
heus or assigns; and I
hereby,
for myself
and my
heus and assigns, covenant with the grantee
and his heis, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
purchasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale
or
'
his
me
And it is Agreed that the giantec
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in then behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed J
receive the rents and profits thereof.
and
my
hens and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
And for the consideration aforesaid FWbson husband of the said Ina F. Wilson
do hereby release unto the said giantee and his
In Witness Whereoſ,
hereunto set
our
بھری۔
the said
hands and seal this
eight hundred and ninety-nine
Signed sealed and delivered by
both in presence of
Ralph W. Elles
hens and assigns all right of or to both DOWER and
HOMESTEAD in the granted premises
na Wilsoned Stebert W. Wilson
first
day of March
in the year one thousand
Ina 3 Wilson
Preal
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Hampden ss. March 13,
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Albert W. Wilson seal
1899
Then personally appeared the above-named Ina. F. Wilson the above named grantor
fice act and deed, before me-
Received March 13, 189 and registered from the original
Attest
Elis
Jannes B. Wells.
Justice of the Peace.
Register.