↑
amp "100 a not ed
Know all Men by these Presents, thats,
Benjamin F. Handy of Ifering field, Hampiden County Massachusettiereby.
in consideration of Three Thousand Dollars
paid by William H. Jordan of said Sfiringfield
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, giant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
saud William H. Jordan,
515
1 Acknowledge Satisfaction and
hereby discharge this Mortgage,
Withanandan
Witness C. Safford.
may.
5-08
a parcel of land with the buildings thereon situated in said. Sfering field
bounded and described as follows:- beginning at the southeasterly corner
of Main and Morris streets and running thence Easterly on Morris street
seventy tool10.04) feet to land formerly of Ann Kelly now sufifiosed to be
of one Shea thence Southerly by lart named land sixty found 100 (6+07)
feet to an angle: thence doutheasterly by last named land twelverd. Foo(12.02)
feet to an angle. thence Southerly. by last named land nined to (9.1) feet to
an angle: thence Easterly by last named land thirteend to (13.1) feet to an
angle: thence Southerly on last named land elevened to (11.4) feet to land of
C.B.Hale. Thence Westerly on last named land and land formerly of H
Handy about forty (40) feet to land formerly of Eugene Lynch, now mine:
thence northerly on last named land about forty and 62.100 (40.62) feet
to the northeast corner thereof; thence Westerly on last named land sixty-
three and 100 (63/76) feet to main street and thence northerly on Main street
fifty six and 100 (56.65) feet to the filace of beginning. Dubject to a mortgage
品
+ So have and to horied in all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
iel.B.W
ملا
William H. Jordan
hens and assigns that
Jam
and his heirs and assigns, to then own use and behoof forever
and my heirs, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the giantee and his
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances
except said mortgage
that 9 have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee and his
except as to said
Provided Nevertheless that if
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of
珊
or
nortgage
ту
will and my
hens, executors, and administrators,
hens and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
pay
unto the grantee
ΟΙ
his
,
heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall
three thousand dollars on demand
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of fue
per cent per annum, and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby,
shall keep the buildings on said piemises insured against fire mna sum not less than
factorily to and
dollars, for the benefit of the giantee
and m
executois, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall appiove,
and, at least two days before the expiation of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to heim oi them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so exping, and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant heiein contained, then
this deed, as also one note of even date herewith signed by me
whereby
giantee or older the said principal sum and instal ments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void.
01
his
'
promise to pay to the
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
executors, administrators, oi
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said Springfield
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
ΟΙ
And
ingfield and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchase or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple, and such sale shall
forever bai me and all persons claiming under, me from all night and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or an equity
out of money aising from such sale the giantec
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, chaiges, and expenses incurred or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to me
my hens or assigns, and
hereby,
hens, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
01
fol myself and my hens and assigns, covenant with the giantee and his
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
purchasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale.
And it is Wgreed that the giantee
,01 his
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
receive the rents and profits thereof
And for the consideration aforesaid
do hereby release unto the said giantoo and
In Witness Whereol,
hereunto set
my
eight hundred and ninety-nine
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
Ralph W. Elles
executois, administrators, or assigns, or any peison oi peisons in their behalf, may purchase
shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
and my
heirs and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
hews and assigns all right of or to both DOWER and HOMESTEAD In the granted premises
Benjamin F. Handylan
the said
hand
and seal
this
third
day of
Aforal
ried)
in the year one thousand
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Hampdenss. Aferil 3,
1899
grantorand acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be his
amin F. Handy Aseal.
Then personally appeared the above-named Benjamin J. Handy, the above named
tree act and deed, before me-
W.Ellis
Amateu
B. Nells
Received Afiil bo, 189 and registered from the ongmal
Attest.
Justice of the Peace
Registei