5
LO
Know all Men by these Presents, that *
Ralph P. Alden and Arthur P. Smith, back of Springfield, Hampden Counity.
Massachusetts.
capacity
a
Sue Book 589 Papp 297
in capsideration of Twenty five hundred Dollars paid by shenry st. Bowman of said Shermigfield in his
paid fluster under the hill of Mary I. Whiting late of card Shungfield deceaseds.
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
said
"Henry H. Bournan Trustee
lot of land lying on the castuly side of Dickinson street in raid Spenigfield and known and designated
rumming
one
87
100 153.9
as host. No, se on said Company's plan of lots, exid let bening num particularly described as follows, begin.
30
-ring at a point in the sactuely terie of Dickinson street distant are hundred fifty there and 7. (100.17) feet.
noutruely from the intersection of acid easterly live with the noritiely live of Summer avenue and
chence chouterly on Dickinson aliert ughty two and to (182 +2) feet, Chence Easterly on the southiely
line of lot numbered 31 on paid plan 190.98 feet: Chence Southerly at right angles with the last covere
reventy fivic (75) feet: and cherice Westerly one hundred fifty us and 1.456.x feet to the place of beginning.
Subject to the restrictions in the deed below referred to. Being the premises conveyed to us
• by The Summer
Ave. Heights bo. by deed dated July 19, 1896. to be recorded at the Registry of Deeds for raid bounty of scampider.
80
(156.80)
Co Nave and to Hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
and his successors in caid trust and his and their
And We hereby for
aforesaid
heirs and assigns that
esecent raid restrictions.
and очен
& Henry H. Bowman, Trustee.
heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever.
This
heirs, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the grantee and his puccessors
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances,
ourselves
WV
are
that • we have good right to sell and convey the same as aforesaid; and that
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee and his
We, or
owe
except as to said restrictioris.
caid tut Provided, Nevertheless that if
or his or ha
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of
in
-
ике
will and
our heirs, executors, and administrators
hoirs and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons.
accessor
heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
demand.
I wenty five hundred dollars, on
five
ал
› Or
his successors in
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of
per cent. per annum ; and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby ;
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fire in a sum not less then eatisfactorily to "4
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee and his confors, administrators and assigns in such formland at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expiration of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to
hein
or them a new and sufficient policy to take the
place of the one so expiring; and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,—
then this deed, as also
note of even date herewith signed by
You
ма
grantee or order the said principal sum and installments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void.
whereby
or
his
"
Wr
A
executore, administrators, OU
promise to pay to the
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
accessors in paid burst or his or their
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together
with all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
منك
his
Shungfield
hungfield
and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple; and subh sale Shall
forever bar ма and all persons claiming under
from all right and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity. And
out of money arising from such sale the grantee or
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
by them by reason of any default in the performance or
heirs or assigns; and
hereby,
for
Our heirs and assigns, covenant with the grantee and his entors, administrators, and assigns that, in
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power, мо or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or pur-
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses incurred or
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to
ᏗᎪᏱ
Ourselves and
chasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale.
And it is Agreed that the grantee or
his
sustained
or
AR
نع لله
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in their behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money; and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed Wr
receive the rents and profits thereof.
and owe heirs and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
the gaming in a corquina de Maude B Alston anfe of the avid Ralph Palden's Jennie 10. D. Smith wife of
And for the
the paid
.P. Smith
do hereby release unto the said grantee and
In Witness Whereof,
hereunto set
очин
eight hundred and ninety-Six.
Signed, Sealed and delivered
in presence of
Geo S. Hanscoms,
• Franklin Dye
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Haninden
88.
WE
his successors and assigns all right of or to both DOWER and HOMESTEAD in the granted premises.
Ralph C. Alden, Marede Co Alden, Artur P. Smith Jennie W. S mich
the said
hand and seal this
in
يله
seventeenich
day of
July
Ralph P. Alden
Maude B. Alden
Arthur P. Smith
Jennie D. W. Smith
in the year one thousand
Seal.
seal.
Seal.
Seal
180 6. Then personally appeared the above-named Arthur P. Smith
July Strument to be
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Received
July
2300
Their
free act and deed, before me-
1896. and registered from the original
Attest:
"Jama
Ralph P. Alden
Ralph W. Ellia
R Wells
Justice of the Peace.
Register.