120
In Wischunge
Juk 611 Mags 100
which were
Stamp 50¢ a c
Know all Men by these Presents, that we
Carrie B Shawty Vila A. Shaw (in her right) of Springfield, Hampden
County Massachusetts
, two thousand dollars
in consideration Blair
paid by
the recent whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
2. Blair
said
Certain tracts of land in Russell, Hampden County aforesaid and are all by the same"
conveyed to the said Carrie B. Shaw by Warranty Deed dated November 23rd AD:
1898 and recorded with said Hampden County Registry of Deeds in Book 584 Page 222
said deed being given by D. Frank Hale of Springfield Hampden County aforesaid
and reference may
be had to said deed or the record thereof for a fully particular description
boundaries"reservations. Also another certain tract of land with the buildings thereon located
on the northerly side of Grover Street in said Springfield "d is lot numbered 47 on a certain plan of lots
recorded with said Registry of Deeds in book of Plans 1 Page 25% are the same premises deeded to me by
George W. Faurfuld by deed to be recorded herewith to which plan or deed or therecords thereof reference may be had for a fully particular description's restrictions
To Have and to hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
LS. Blair
And
We hereby for ourselves
чие сче
hens and assigns that
that чие
and her hens and assigns, to then own use and behoof forever.
and
and over heirs, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the grantee
her
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances
will and our hens, executors, and administrators,
heins and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid; and that
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee and her
مصرية
Provided Nevertheless that if we or our heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall unto the grantee
her
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of two thousand (2000) dollars on demand from datend with interest as
written in a certain note of even, date herewith
motes according to the tenor there of signed
erewith signied by ysry held by herd shall also pay all other
by
of
us and held by her this mortgage being given as security for all
+1-
years from this date, with interest semi annually at the rate of of said notes
poi cont. per annum; and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby,
shall keep the buildings on said piemises insured against file in a sum not less than
two thousand
dollars, for the benefit of the giantee and her
executois, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expiration of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to her on them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expling, and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,--then
this deed, as also
note of even date herewith signed by
giantee or order the said principal sum and instal ments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void
а
us
whereby we
, Or
her
promise to pay to the
But upon any default in the performance oi observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
executors, administrators, or
assigns may SELL the granted piemises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said Hampden
Springfield or Russell
County
из
01
us
her
and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchaseis absolutely and in fee-simple, and such sale shall
forever bar
and all persons claiming under
fiom all night and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity
out of money arising from such sale the grantee
And
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, changes, and expenses incurred or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or
observance of the said condition, endeing the surplus, if any, to
our hells or assigns, and
or
for ourselves and
hens and assigns, covenant with the giantee
hereby,
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
hens, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchase or
purchasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale
our
And it is Agreed that the grantee
, 01
سعيد
her
مله
and
her
чие
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in their behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
We and over hens and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted piemises and
receive the rents and profits thereof.
And for the consideration aforesaid
do hereby release unto the sand grantee and
In Witness Whereoſ,
hereunto set our
чие
the said
hand and seal $ this
mine
eight hundred and ninety- mene
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
AW Lincoln by both
CHUSETTS,
COMMONWEALTH OF Janary
Hampden ss.
11th
1899
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Received
Jany,
129
hers and assigns all night of or to both noWER and HOMESTEAD in the granted premises
Carrie B. Shaw and Vila A. Shawe have
eleventh
day of
January
Carrie B. Shaw
Vila A. Shaw
Then personally appeared the above-named
their
free act and deed, before me-
1899 and registered from the ougmal
Attest.
in the year one thousand
9
Seal
Seal
Carrie B. Shauid Vila A. Shaw
Albert W. Sincoln
7. James P. Nello
Justice of the Peace.
Register.
+
"