Stamp 25 foc
Know all Men by these Presents, that &
Bessee E. Worthen of Springfield, Hampden County.
Massachusetts
I conside
fifteen hundred dollars
paid by Philips P Potter of said Spring field.
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, giant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
said Philips P. Potter.
a certain tract or
orgage.
1 Acknowledor Satisfaction a
hereby
Philip.
U I
Nov. 13, 1900-
B Potter
127⑈
witness
1. Tanner,
Lm.
parcel of land with the buildings thereon situate in said Spring-
field y bounded & described as follows: Beginning
at an iron pen
pen on the easterly side of
Bowles Street at a point two hundred fifteen 24 72%/100 (215,72) feet southerly from land
and
of o
Easterly by land now or formerly of W.DV
one Morrissey. " " running thence southerly by said street forty-five (45) feet; thence
formerly of W.D Vining and the end of Chapin Street one
hundred (100) feet to a stone bound, at land of Mc Knights,
or formerly, thence Northerly
nowor
and
by said Mc Knight's land forty. five (45) feet to land of said Vining "ty thence Westerly one hun.
dred (100) feet by said Vining's land to the point of beginning. Subject to a mortgage of eight.
een hundred (1800) dollars to Saloma F. Fish.
To Have and to hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
Philip P. Potter
and his heus and assigns, to then own use and behoof forever
And
I hereby for myself Jann
hens and assigns that
except said mortgage
6.
and my heus, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the giantee
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbiances
and his
have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that I
will and
my hens, executors, and administrators,
hens and assigns for ever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
that
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee
and s
except as to aforesaid mortgage
Provided Nevertheless that if
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of
ш
, or
, 01
Pris
my heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
fifteen hundred dollars payable on demand
sex
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therem, or on the debt secured hereby,
per cent per annum, and until such payment shall
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fe in a sum not less than
dollars, for the benefit of the giantee and his executois, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
satisfactorily to and
and, at least two days before the expiation of any policy on said piemises, shall deliver to hum
of the one so expuing, and shall not commit or suffer any stup or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,―then
oi them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
this deed, as also one note of even date herewith signed by me
giantee
01 order the said principal sum and instal.ments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void
whereby
01
his
promise to pay to the
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
executors, administrators, oi
improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
Spring feld
all
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one
field
forever bai
ΟΙ
me
Prus
newspaper published in said Spring-
and
may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchaseis absolutely and in fee-simple, and such sale shall
and all persons claiming under
out of money arising from such sale the giantee
from all night and interest in the granted premises, whether at law oi in equity
And
then on thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses inculled or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or
iepiesentatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to
hens or assigns, and
hereby,
and his hens, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
for
myself and my
me
nt with the grantee
heus and assigns, co
covenant
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
purchasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale
And it is Agreed that the grantee
, 01
his
at any sale made as atoresaid, and that no other purchaser shall
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
receive the rents and profits thereof
And for the consideration aforesand
(do hereby release unto the said grantee-
In Witness Whereol,
hereunto set
my.
eight hundied and ninety- mene
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
Geo. A Bacon
COMMON
EALTH OF
SS
SLITS,
ar
. 01
my
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
executois, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in then behalf, may purchase
be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
and my
heus and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
and
hens and assigns al
hand
the said
and seal
this
10th
1899
and acknowledged the forgoing instrument to be
or to both Dow En and HOMESTEAD In the granted premises.
Bessie E. Worthen (unmarried I
tenth
day of
Bessie E. Worthen
Then personally appeared the above-named
her free act and deed, before me-
ary
in the year one thousand
Seal
Bessie & Worthen
Justice of the Peace
Received
Jany, 13th
Geo a Bacon
1899
and registered from the original
Attest.
es R. Wells
Register