6
ым
8
Much Word
Aug 31. 1897
Nation Hells
дети
a
Know all Men by these presents, that I
Charles B. Proctor of Springfield Hampden bounty Massachusetts.
a consideration of 9. Rood of raid Springfield..
Eighteen hundred and sixty five. Dollars.
paid by
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grunt, bargain, sell and convey unto the
said
Charles D Good
lot of land with the buildings thereon actuated in raid Springfield and bounded as
follows
beginining at the intersection of the easterly line of Bancock sheet with the southicaly live of broody atret
running
thena Castuely on brosty street about 450 feet to Walnut street. trunce Southerly on Walnut street
about fifty feet to land now or formualy of 6. V. Austini : chance Westerly on last named land about 2.50 feet to
hand wow or formerly of one Mursh: thence touhuely on last narried land about is feet to an angle, thine
Wertedly on last named land and land navor lately of one 36 anbee about 200 feet to Hancock street. "
thence conturly on Hancock Quiet to the place of beginning Subject to a mortgage of 2000. in part of the premises
to the Hampden Savirigs Bank to a mortgage of leven hundred dollars to said Rood on another
another part. Being the promines
чиная
Hanks
on
conveyed to me by said Povd by two deeds dated July 20, 1896 to be recorded at the Registry of Deeds for raid bounty of Hampden.
Co Nave and to Hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said Charles L. Bo
heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever.
hereby for
And
heirs and assigns that
that
I
Lamy sep
and
his
his
and my heirs, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the grantee and
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances,
I have good right to sell and convey the same as aforesaid; and that
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee
Provided Nevertheless that if
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of
от плюшем лій
ofition.
my
in
will and my
heirs, executors, and administrators
his heirs and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons.
and
J
or
'
my
heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
or
,
his
• year from this date
Eighteen hundred and sixty five dollars, in one.
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of
eight
per cent. per annum; and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby;
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fire in a sum not less than satisfacturity to and
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee and his executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
him
and, at least two days before the expiration of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to
or them a new and sufficient policy to take the
place of the one so expiring; and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any
then this deed, as also
note of even date herewith signed by
Me
grantee or order the said principal sum and installments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void.
Lone
it herein contained,---
promiso to
whereby
or
coyenaut
his
纱
pay to the
executors, administrators, or
Springfield
And
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together
with all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said Springfield
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple; and such sale shall
forever bar тие and all persons claiming under me from all right and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity.
his
out of money arising from such sale the grantce or
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses incurred or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if to
any,
heirs or assigns; and
my
hereby,
heirs and assigns, covenant with the grantee and
myself
heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or pur-
chasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale.
for
and
пиц
Me
his
or
And it is Agreed that the grantee OL his executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in their behalf, may purchase
'
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money ; and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
receive the rents and profits thereof.
And for the consideration aforesaid
do hereby release unto the said grantee
In WWitness WWhereof,
ow
hereunto set
eight hundred and ninety- @ise.
Signed,sealed and delivered
in presence of
вуда
heirs and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
I Gertrude A Proctor wife of the said to harles B. Proctor
and
WE
his
heirs and assigns all right of or to both power and HOMESTEAD in the granted premises.
the aid Charles B. Proctor Gertrude A. Proctor
hand S and seals this
Edith B. Tower by 3 A. P
Palph It. Ellis by C. B. P.
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Hampden 98.
July 23.
کردم مریم
1896
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
twentieth
2
day of
in the year one thousand
Gertrude A. Proctor Seal.
Charles B. Proctor
Seal.
When personally appeared the above-named Charles B. Proctor
free act and deed, before me-
то
Ralph A. Ellis:
Received
July
Justice of the Peace.
230
189, and registered from the original
Attest:
James R. Wells
Register.