เ
and
561
Know all Men by these Presents, thats For Sale affidaint
see Book 669 Pages 417, 4.18
| 417,418
Frank Guntis of Middlefield, Hampshire County Massachusetts. For Entry see Book
In consideration of Eight hundred Dollars
paid by Lester Rost of said Middlefield.
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
said
667 Page 426
certain real estate situated in that part of Spiring field, Mars, called
St. James Ave. Extension viz:- Two (2) lots numbered one hundred and
thirteen (113) and one hundred and fourteen (11+) on a filan of lots called
Plan of St. James Avenue Extension"; and recorded in Hampden County
Requstry of Deeds, Book 491, Paqes 601 and 603 to which filan reference
boland.
may
same premises
be had for a more particular descrifition. Being the same.
conveyed to me by deed of Thomas E. King, dated Nov 19, 1898 id recorded
in said Registry of Deeds, Book 58.4, Page 175% subject to the restrictions
mentioned therein
To Have and to hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances theieto belonging, to the said
ster by myself
2.
Root
Jam
And
heirs and assigns that
and heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoot forever
and ~ny heirs, executors and administrators, coVENANT with the grantee
and his
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances
will and mu hens, executors, and administrators,
heus and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons'
except said restrictions
that
have good light to sell and convey the same as aforesaid; and that
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee and
except as aforesaid
g
Provided Nevertheless that if
ལ
'
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of
ΟΙ my heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
Eight
dred dollar
or his
mand
sixi
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of
per cent per annum, and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby,
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fire in a sum not less than
satisfactory to and
dollars, for the benefit of the giantee and executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expiration of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to him or them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expiring; and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,—then
this deed, as also may
note of even date herewith signed by
whereby
giantee or older the said pincipal sum and installments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void
01
'
his
promise to pay to the
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
executors, administrators, or
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said Syngfield
me
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple, and such sale shall
forever bar
and all persons claiming under me from all night and interest in the granted premises, whether at law oi in equity And
out of money arising from such sale the grantee
his
or
iepiesentatives shall be entitled to retam all sums then secured by this deed, whethe
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses incuried or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or
observance of the said condition, rendering the sui plus, if any, to me
and
hereby,
for my eet and m
or hens or assigns,
heirs and assigns, covenant with the grantee and hus hens, executois, administrators, and assigns that, in
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
purchasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale.
And it is Agreed that the grantee
01
'
his
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in then behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchase shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money; and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed D
receive the ients and profits thereof
and my
heirs and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted piemises and
And for the consideration aforesaid I, Bertha & Curtis, wife of said Frank Gurtis
do hereby release unto the said giantee
In Witness Whereol, W.
hereunto set
eight hundied and ninety- mine
Signed sealed and delivered
In presence of
and
his
و
the said
heirs and assigns all night of or to both DOWER and ПOMESTEAD In the granted premises.
and Beha L. Guitis:
Aperel
سيدة منيسي السميرة
hand and seal this seventeenth day of
A.H. Sherwin by J.C.
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSITIS,
Frank Curtis seal.
Bertha & Gurtes seal
Hampden ss. A 17h 1899
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Received
Then personally appeared the above-named
hris
free act and deed, before me-
18, 1890 and registered from the original
Attest
in the year one thousand
Frank Curtis
77. H.Sherwin
un B. Wells.
Date Janu
Justice of the Peace
Register.