4
a curtain lut
of i
Stamps 1.25 seancelled.
Know all Men by these Presents, that
Patrick Flynn Hanorah Flynn husband and wife, both of
West Springfleld. Hampden County Massachusetts.
in consideration of
Thirty Three Hundred Eighty, Four Dollars.
paid by Thomas Flynn of Washington Berkshire County Massachusetts.
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
said
Thorn
nomas
lynn
land with the buildings therion situated in caid West Springfield, brunded
and deviribed as follows : beginning on the mouthucaly
street
ride of Belle
averrue
at a furnit distant easterly
ide of Belle
avenue
fifty -
from Mann aleet 145.33 fut and summning stence bartuely.
ou raid ride
συν
(574) feet : thence southerly at right angles with Belle avenue 100
feet: thence Westerly parallel with
100 feet to Pelle
Belle avenue 04. feet and theree Noutricly at right angles with Belle avenue 100.
avenue, the place of beginning Being the same pressures conveyed to us by 24 my. Dester. by deed
dated May 1. 1897 rended with sampden County Registry of Deeds. Book 562 Page 569
To Have and to Hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever.
,
Thomas Flynn
heirs, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the grantee
and his
and his
ourselves and
ow
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances
.
And whereby for
heirs and assigns that
We are
64 except restricturis
We
will and
our
heirs, executors, and administrators,
heirs and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons.
we have good right to sell and convey the same as aforesaid; and that
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee and
except as to paid restrictionis
Provided Nevertheless that if
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of
nis
чис
or
,
our
heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
fuis
or
'
Thirty Three hundred and eighty four (3384) Dollars on demand.
year from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of
four
catisfactory to and
per cent. per annum; and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby;
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fire in a sum not less than
dellas, for the benefit of the grantee and his executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expiration of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to
him
or them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expiring; and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,—then
this deed, as also
ore
note of even date herewith signed by
мо
whereby
grantee or order the said principal sun and installments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void.
or
we
his
promise to pay to the
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
executors, administrators, or
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
first publishing to notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said W.
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said West Spungfield
or
مبدل
West
Springfield
and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple; and such sale shall
forever bar мо and all persons claiming under
from all right and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity. And
out of money arising from such sale the grantee his
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses incurred or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to
our heirs or assigns; and WE
for
hereby,
Ourselves and
heirs and assigns, covenant with the grantee
our
heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
พย or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
purchasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such
And it is Agreed that the grantee
'
or
his
us
and
her
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in their behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money; and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
receive the rents and profits thereof.
And for the consideration aforesaid
do hereby release unto the said grantee + and
In Witness Whereoſ,
hereunto set
ow
eight hundred and ninety- light.
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
WE
ww and
hpics and
Patrick S.
Recond
the said
hand S and seal $ this
noth
Harry S. Webster Food
MMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Hampden
SS.
August 3
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Received
Aug:
3.
1898
1898.
our heirs and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
and nown
Flynn and Hanorah Flynn
day of August!
Patrick Glym
hanna Flynn
Then personally appeared the above-named
Their free act and deed, before me-
and registered from the original
Attest:
granted premises. -
in the year one thousand
eseal
odeal.
Patrick Flynn & Hanorah Flynn
9. Webster.
Harry F.
Jam B. Null
Justice of the Peace.
Register.