54
signment su
Buh 605 Pug: 355
See Discharge
8183282399
Know all Men by these Presents, that »,
Frank R. Smith of Russell, Hamfiden County, Mass.
in consideration of Seven Hundred Ed Fifty Dollars.
paid by Howard A. Gibbs of Springfield in
said County
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
said Gibbs
Certain Real Estate in said Russell bounded and described as follows
Northerly by the Highway leading Westerly from the Depot to the Baptist Church:
and
Easterly by land now or formerly of. Deseter Parks: Southerly by
Dexter Parks: Southerly by the Race Way &
are
the same firemixes
Westerly by land now or formerly of A.W. Goodrich d
this day conveyed to me by the said Gibber this mortgage is quen to
secure feart of the purchase money therefor
To Have and to Hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
Howard A Gibbs
And
hens and assigns that
and his heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever
and my
heus, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the grantee and his.
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the gianted premises, that they are free from all incumbiances
I hereby for myself
that
have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid; and that
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee and his
Provided Nevertheless that if
,
my
will and
hens, executors, and administrators,
hens and assigns for ever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
or
his
or my heus, executois, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the giantee
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of Seven Hundred Fifty Dollars in installments
according to the tenor of the note this day que
H
Five
per cent. per annum, and until such payment shall
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby,
shall keep the buildings on said piemises insured against fire in a sum not less than Five H indred
dollars, for the benefit of the giantee and his executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
him
or them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
and, at least two days before the expiation of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to
of the one so expiring; and shall not commit or suffer any stup or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained, then
this deed, as also the note of even date herewith signed by me
whereby
giantee or order the said principal sum and instal ments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void.
m
said County
forever bai
01
"
his
promise to pay to the
executors, administrators, o1
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
assigns may SELL the granted premises, on such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
R ssell
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
gald Springfield
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in
and
the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchase of purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple, and such sale shall
may convey
and all persons claiming under
me
me
from all night and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity And
out of money ansing from such sale the giantee
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
performance 01
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses incurred or sustained by them by reason of any default in
or my hens or assigns, and
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to
for myself
and his heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
and my
heirs and assigns, covenant with the grantee
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
purchases a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale
And it is Agreed that the grantee
his
or
01
'
me
hereby,
his executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in the behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
and my
hens and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
receive the rents and profits thereof.
And for the consideration aforesaid I, A Smith wife of Frank R. Smach
do hereby release unto the said grantee
In Witness Whereof,
hereunto set
-
and
9
the said
hand
-
eight hundred and ninety-eight.
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
The words Twenty Five on first
second frages erased and they
Fifty inserted before exec
Wms. ncoln
JH Clark
on
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Hampdenss Dec 24,
heirs and assigns all night of or to both DOWER and HOMESTEAD in the granted premises.
Frank R Smith
and seal this Jench
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Received
Dec 27,
day of
December
Frank R. Smith seal
Anne Smith seal.
1898
in the year one thousand
Then personally appeared the above-named Frank R Smith
his
fiee act and deed, before me—
189 and registered from the original
Attest⚫
JH. Clark,
4. Wells
Пиши
Justice of the Peace.
i
Register.