I
Know all Men by these Presents, that
Minnie Adelson of Spring field in the County of Stampdend
Commonwealth of Massachusetts
lot
in consideration of
four hundred dollars
paid by Charles J. Barrows, Executor of the will of Mary A. Noyes -
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, giant, baigain, sell and convey unto the
Charles H. Barrows, Executor as
said
aforesaid.
159
Acknowledon, Satisfaction and
hereby discharge this Mortgage.
Chasers Exe.of
May anoyer Mort
Nov 30.1900..
Witness R.Martensen.
of Clintond Fulton
of land with the buildings thereon situate on the corner
streets in said Spring field and bounded as follows: Beginning on the north east
corner of said streets" running thence mortherly on Fulton streets seventy eight (78)
less to land now or formerly of one Pratt: thence running Easterly by
feet
More or
land now or
Mow or
and
formerly of sand Bratt & land of others fifty (50) feet
more or less to land
formerly of George W Magill: thence southerly by land now or
formerly of George
W Magill seventy right (78) feet more or less to Clenton street; thence westerly by Clinton
street forty four (HH) feet, • more or less to the point of beginning. The premises being the same con-
veyed to the said May A. Noyes by deed of Martha A. Jones dated November 20,1885% recorded in the Registry of Deeds for said County in
book 413 bage 23.3.
To Have and to Hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
Charles H. Barrows
And
I
self
and is heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever
and my hens, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the giantee
heirs and
hereby for my
assigns that
except a mortgage
of
that
and
his
James #2 How to Edelan fully seized in fee simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbiances
have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid; and that
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee
except as aforesaid
Provided Nevertheless that if
succes sors
I
will and my
hens, executors, and administrators,
hens and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
and his
д
,02my
four hundred Dollars in instalments according to
tenor of a certain mote dated this day
heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
or
'
Pris
to the
five
per cent. per annum, and until such payment shall
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of
twenty sight hundred
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby;
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fire in a sum not less than
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee
at least two days before
pr
and his executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
und shall not allow the first mortgage afon of any houby on said premises, shall deliver to mehema
aforesaid to f
of the one so expuing, and shall not commit or suffer any strip of waste of
•fore losed or proceeding there ford
hem a few and sufficient policy to take the place
buildings to get out repair.
note of even date herewith signed by med albert ass 01 any breach of any covenant herein contained, then
granted
be
on whereby
this deed, as also my
grantee or order the said principal sum and instal ments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void
01
promise to pay to the
Successors
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
executors, administrators, oi
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said Spring
Spring feld
field
and
may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchase or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple; and such sale shall
forever bai
and all persons claiming under
from all light and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity And
out of money anising from such sale the grantee
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then on thereafter payable, including all costs, changes, and expenses incurred on sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance of
observance of the said condition, rendering the sui plus, if any, to
me
or
me
his
me
and my
my hens or assigns, and
hereby,
for myself
hens and assigns, covenant with the grantee and
Pus"
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
hens, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchase or
purchases a deed oi deeds of release confirming such sale.
ΟΙ
And it is Agreed that the grantee
ΟΙ
'
his
Successors
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in then behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
hens and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
receive the ients and profits thereof
And for the consideration aforesaid
and
my
9, Albert Adelson husband of the grantor
hereunto set
do hereby release unto the said grantee
Ju Witness Whereoſ,
over
and
чие the said
hands and seal S this
Pus
successors.
hens, and assigns all night of or to both DOWER and HOMESTEAD in the granted premises
minnig Adelsond Albert Adelson
in the
year one thousand
eight hundred and ninety- mune
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
Wm P. Hayes
by both
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Hampden ss.
SS.
Jany 17th 189
1899
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be her
twelfth
day of January
Minnie Adelson
Seal
-
Seal
Culbert Adelson
Then personally appeared the above-named Minnie Adelson
Received
Jany 19th
14th 1899 and registered
free act and deed, before me-
1899 and registered from the original
Attest
Paph W. Ellis
Jaures 17. Hello
Justice of the Peace.
Register