144
Se Book 591 Page 261 Know all Men by these Presents, that
Clarence P Bolles of Wilbraham Hampden Co. Mass
1 Acknowledge Satisfaction and
hereby discharge this Mortgage.
Clarence P. Boller
Withers C. E. Safford
Feb 24-10
In consideration of One Hundred twenty five dollars
paul by Burt Browing Lombard of Springfield
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
said
Burt Browning Sombard
A lot of land situated on the southerly side of Governor Street in said Springfield
as Lot No 14 (fourteen)
on
plan of Ellen M. Trask of
and known" designated
Governor street recorded in Hampden County Registry of Deeds book
one
2 of plans
page 30. said lot being bounded Northerly by Governor Street fifty feet. Westerly
hundred six 24 6% of feet: Southerly
by lot No. 12 on said plan owned by said Lombard one hundred six 19,6%,
Carmody fifty feet; and Easterly by lot No. 16 on said plan
by land of
one
owned by
one
Frazier 106,64 feet.
To Have and to hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
Burt Browning Lombard
And
hereby for
hens and
that
assigns
I myself
that
I
and his heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever
and my heus, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the grantee
and his
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances
will and my hens, executors, and administrators,
hens and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons.
have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid; and that
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee and his
, or
Provided Nevertheless that if I
my heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
executois, administrators or assigns the sum of One hundred "y twenty five dollars on demand
five
→
, or
Pris
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of
per cent per annum, and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby;
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fine in a sum not loss than satisfactory to and
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee
and his
executois, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expuation of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to hum or them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expiring, and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herem contained,―then
me
this deed, as also a
note of even date herewith signed by
whereby
grantee or older the said principal sum and instalments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void
field
'
01
his
promise to pay to the
Spring-
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
executois, administrators, oi
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such poition thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
Springfield
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
and may convey
the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple, and such sale shall
forever Bai me and all persons claiming under
fiom all night and interest in the granted piemises, whether at law oi in equity And
out of money arising from such sale the giantee or'
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses incurred or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or
observance of the said condition, rendering the sui plus, if any, to
me
Prio
myself
f
is
01
heis on assigns,
g
and
hereby,
for
and my
heirs and assigns, covenant with the grantee and
hens, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchase or
purchasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale.
And it is Agreed that the grantee
me
my
rior
h
executois, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in then behalf, may purchase
and my
hens and assigns may hold and enjoy the gianted premises and
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
receive the rents and profits thereof
And for the consideration aforesaid
do hereby release unto the said grantee
In Witness Whereof,
hereunto set
our
eight hundred and ninety-ne
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
F. J. Demond
Nellie A Bolles wife of Clarence P. Bolles
and his
чие
the said
hands and seals this
to C.P. B
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Hampden
SS.
January
130
1899 his
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Received
Jany 16*
hens and assigns all right of or to both DOWER and HOMESTEAD in the granted premises.
Clarence P. Bollesy Nellie A. Bolles
minth
day of
January
Clarence P Bolles
Nellie A. Bolles
Then personally appeared the above-named
free act and deed, before me-
1899 and registered from the original
Attest
grantor
in the year one thousand
Seal
Seal
Clarence Bolles
Frank J.
J. Demand
1. James B. Wells
Justice of the Peace
Register.