Stamp 25¢ & c
Know all Men by these Presents, that I, Toe Cuignment
Dennis C. Daly (sometimes called Daley, and sometimes Daily) of Spring. 1
field Hampden County Massachusetts
in consideration of
mine hundred dollars
paid by George A. Flagg of said Springfield
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, giant, bargam, sell and convey unto the
said
George a. Flagg
175
Acknowledge Satisfaction and
8693 226
Bereby discharge this Mortgage.
Annie S Fla
S Flagg
July 15.1908
Кдовал
a certain lot of land with the buildings thereon, situated in Springfield y boundness the t
described as follows, to urt: Southerly by Tyler (formerly called Blanford Street) street,
seventy-eight (78) feet: East by land conveyed by me to W. J Dexter about one hundred
thirty mine "I one half (139 ½ 2) feet: Northerly by land now or late of A. H. Dodge, seventy. right
(78) feet. " & Westerly by other land conveyed by,
y me to said Dexter about one hundred thirty- mine
and one half (1 39½ 2) feet. The westerly line of said tract is destant easterly about 526 feet from the
Easterly line of Hancock St. being a part of the premises described in two deeds from
Catherine Shea to me, dated respectively July 13, 1863.94 November 24, 1863" recorded in Hampden
County Registry of Deeds, book 221- page 119° book 223, page 178,
Have and to Hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances] thereto belonging, to the said
george
And g
3
heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever_
and my heus, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the grantee
and his
Jani
and his
a. Flagg
hereby for myself I lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances
hens and assigns that
that
have good light to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee and his
I
Provided Nevertheless that if
executois, administrators or assigns the sum of
H
е
will and
my hens, executors, and administrators,
hens and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons.
,, or my heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall
nine hundred dollars on demand
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of five" done half
pay
unto the grantee
or
his
'
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therem, or on the debt secured hereby;
per cent. per annum, and until such payment shall
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fie in a sum not less than
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee and his executois, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
satisfactory to and
and, at least two days before the expuation of any policy on said piemises, shall deliver to him on them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expuing, and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of
this deed, as also
the
note of even date herewith signed by
giantee or order the said pincipal sum and installments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void.
Me
me
whereby
any
ΟΙ
Pres
covenant herein contained,-then
promise to pay to the
executors, administrators, oi
Spring-
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
Spring field
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks it some one newspaper published in said
field
and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchase or purchases absolutely and in fee-simple; and such sale shall
forever bai
and all persons claiming under me fiom all right and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity. And
out of money ausing from such sale the giantee
his
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by thus deed, whether
then on thereafter payable, including all costs, changes, and expenses incuried or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to
hens or assigns; and
I
hereby,
hens, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
01 they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchase or
for myself
me
and my hens and assigns, covenant with the giantee and his
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
purchases a deed on deeds of release confirming such sale.
at
Pres
shall
And it is Agreed that the giantee, or
any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
receive the rents and profits thereof.
And for the consideration aforesand
do hereby release unto the card grantee and
In Witness Whereof,
hereunto set
01
my
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in then behalf, may purchase
be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
and my
hers and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
all night of or both Downs
the said Dennis C. Daly (widower)
hels and
my
hand
and seal this
mine
eight hundred and ninety-
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
Chas F. Spellman
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
"Hampden se. Springfield Jan 19, 1899. The
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Received
nineteenth
day of
Dennis C. Daly
Then personally appeared the above-named
free act and deed, before me-
January
Seal
in the granted premises.
in the year one thousand
Dennis C. Daly
Chas 3 Spellman Notary Public
original
Jarry, .19" 1809 and registered from the Attest: James R. Wells
Justice of the Peace.
Register
Y