582
1 Acknowledge Satisfaction and
hereby discharge this Mortgage
Heave
1-1899.
Charles C Abby
Witness Martensen.
Know all Men by these Presents, that s
WH Bickmore of Springfield, Hampden County, Massachusetts.
in consideration of Seven Hundred Seventy Dollars
paid by Charles (Abbey of Chicopee, Hampden County Massachusetts.
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, giant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
harles C Abbey
said
the north side of the river in Chicofice
1 Acertain parcel of real estate situated on
Falls in Chicopee, mass, and bounded and described as follows, to wit - Easterly
on land of Martin Brothers; Southerly by land of John D Shays and Westerly
by land of Mrs. Hamilton and northerly by land of Mrs. Adams and one Fuller.
Containing Hoacres. See Book 150 page 50' Hampden Registry.
2. Also another tract of land in said Chicopeel Falls and bounded and described
as follows to wit:-northerly by land formerly owned by Daniel Shays; Easterly
by. y land of Madison Kendall, Southerly by the highway leading to Ludlow; and
Westerly by land of Mrs Albert Mallory. Containing ten acres of land offerasite the
Catholic Cemetery.
3. Also another tract situated in raid Chicopee Falls and the same conveyed buy
the Inhabitants of Chicopee to Eliga M. Mallory by deed recorded in said
Registry in book 291 frage 139 to which reference may be had
for a more year.
ticular description
4. Also another parcel of land Pnown as the mallory homestead and bounded
Northerly by land of one Kelleher, Easterly by the school house brook, so called,
Southerly by the Cooley road, so called, and by land above described and Westerly
by Sheridan Street Being the same premises conveyed to me this day by deed of Winthropi
K Lombard and subject to the conditions and rights mentioned in said deed.
To Have and to hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
Charles Abbey
hens and
that
assigns
and his
heirs and assigns, to then own use and behoof forever
said.
And g hereby for myself and my heirs, executois and administrators, COVENANT with the grantee and s
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted piemises, that they are free from all incumbrances
excefet a mortgage to the Chicopee Falls Savings ank for
accrued interest
will and my.
Jam
that
have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that I
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee and
undred
hens, executors, and administrators,
hens and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
1130)-
Provided Nevertheless that if
, or his
except as aforesaid.
, or my heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of Seven hundred seventy Dollars on demand
HA
Sex
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of
per cent. per annum, and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid on assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby,
shall keep the buildings on said d premises insted against file in a sum not less than One
sand
and
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee and his executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expiration of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to hem or them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expuing, and shall not commit or suffer any stup or waste of the gianted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained, then
this deed, as also one note of even date herewith signed by me
giantee or order the said principal sum and instal ments of interest at the time aforesaid shall be void
hicopee
whereby J
01
his
promise to pay to the
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the giantee
executors, administrators, or
assigns may SELL the granted piemises, on such portion thereof as may дemain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
County
and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchaseis absolutely and in fee-simple, and such sale shall
forever bar me and all persons claiming under me fiom all night and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity And
out of money arising from such sale the grantee 01
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses incurred or sustamed by them by reason of any default in the performance or
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, If
any, to
01 hels or assigns; and
hereby,
for my ref
and my
heus and assigns, covenant with the grantee and his
heirs, executois, administrators, and assigns that, in
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
on they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
purchases a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale
And it is Agreed that the grantee hris
'
or
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchase
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
receive the rents and profits thereof
And for the consideration aforesaid
do hereby release unto the said grantee and
In Witness Whereol,
hereunto set
my
eight hundied and ninety-
hand
the said
and seal
mine
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
John D. White
me
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in then behalf, may purchase
shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
and my hers and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
in the year one thousand
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
lampuden SS A feril 10°
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Received l 11,
hens and assigns all ught of or to both DOWER and HOMESTEAD in the granted premises
wit. Влеemare льновашем
day of April
this Seventh
William H. Bickmore seal
Then personally appeared the above-named W.H.Bickmore
his
free act and deed, before me-
1899 and registered from the original
Attest
John D. White
Jamin B2. Nells,
Date
Justice of the Peace.
Register.