12 For Assignment See
Book 593 Page 465
Sec Discharge, EF. 7359 119
Stamps 550 ac
Know all Men by these Presents, that w
Bertram? Скала"
We
and Stedman W Craig, bath of Sturingfield,
Hampden County, Massachusetts
In consideration of twelve thousand Dollars
paid by Edward & Bill of said Springfield
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, giant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
said Edward E. Bill
a certain. lot of land with the buildings thereon lying on the soucherly side
of John street in said Springfield, bounded and described as follows bounded
Northerly by John street sixty six (66) feet, Easterly by land now or lately of
the Memorial Society about one hundred twenty three and 2 (123 %) feet,
Southerly by land formerly of Amanda M Ensworth sixty six (66) feet, and
Westerly by land lately of Henry. Willard, now of one Worthington about one
hundred twenty three and ³/4 (1233) feet
Being the firemeses described in a deed to Stedman W. Craig by Bertram
Craig by deed dated Dec 8, 1898. recorded at the Registry of Deeds for said
County of Hampden
To Have and to Hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
Edward & Bill
and his heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever
and our hens, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the giantee
and his
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbiances
And we hereby for ourselves
heirs and
assigns
that
are
that have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid; and that we
and
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee
ris
will and Our hens, executors, and administiatois,
hens and assigns for ever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
'
, or
his
Provided Nevertheless that if we, or our heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
executors, administrators 'or
the sum of
assigns
twelve thousand dollars on demand
m
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of five
per cent per annum, and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby,
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fire in a sum not less than satisfactorily to and
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee and his executois, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
or them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
and, at least two days before the expiration of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to him
of the one so expiring, and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,―then
this deed, as also one note of even date herewith signed by
grantee or order the said principal sum and instal'ments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void.
es
whereby ме
01
,
his
promise to pay to the
And
executors, administrators, oi
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said fringfield
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
Springfield and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple, and such sale shall
forever bar
and all persons claiming under 23 fiom all night and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity
his
out of money arising from such sale the grantee or'
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, changes, and expenses incuried or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or
or our heus or assigns, and we hereby,
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to
and his
for ou
heirs and assigns, covenant with the grantee
hens, executois, administrators, and assigns that, in
wrrand our
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
on they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
purchases a deed on deeds of release confirming such sale
And it is Agreed that the grantee
Οι
'
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in then behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
and our heus and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted piemises and
performance or observance of the condition of this deed we
receive the ients and profits thereof
And for the consideration aforesaid I, Catherine. A. Graig, wife of the said Bertram J. Craig
J. Hattie Baiq wife of the said Stedman W Craig
do hereby release unto the-sand-giantee and his hens and assigns all nights includ POWER and HOMESTEAD 111 the granted premises.
In Witness Whereol, We the said Bertran
aig, Catherine & Craig, Stedman W Craig Hattle B Grang
hereunto set
eight hundred and Ninety-eight
our
hand and seal S this
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
day of
Bertram 9 Счаса касал
Catherine A Craig'seal
Ralph W. Ellisby BCSW Stedman W. Craig sal
Hate в Счаса
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Hamfidenss December 12,1898
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Oseal
December
in the year one thousand
Then personally appeared Bertram & Craig Stedman W Craig the above-named grantors
their free act and deed, before me
Rath W. Elles,
Justice of the Peace.
Received
Dec 12,
189 and registered from the original
Attest.
James
R. Wells
Register.
1