6
now all Men by these Presents, that I f
John W Ryan, Junior, of Holyoke in the County of 26-ampatent of
Commonwealth of Massachusetts
of
In consideration of
paid by
-Twelve Hundred..
Genge L. Phope of sand Holyoke
Dollars
the receipt wireot do hereby knowledge, do hereby give, grant, sell, and convey unto the
Genge L. Thorpe
Baid
his
Heirs and Assigns,
A certain lot of land, with the buildings thereon, situated in said
scribed as
BOOK 5 56
Lu Buk sig Page 268
Holyoke,
bounded and de
side of Allyn
mn said Walds
• follows ry: - Beginning at the point of intersection of the southerly
Street with the easterly side of Haear Street, and thence running southerly
Street
loust seventy. five (70) feet thence easterly at a right angle to said Walds Stret seventy. three
and
• twenty four
oul.
-hundredths (4324) feet-
G
24) feet to land now or late of E. Phomas: thence northerly
and parallel with sand Wards Street eighty and tiventy-nine one hundredths (80 29) feet to said
Allyn Street: thence westerly.
•
Allyn Street seventy three of forty. three one hundreaths (7343) feet
on said Allyn Street
conveyed to me by said Thope
to the place of beginning, containing 5686.62
inguare feet.
: mne or less, being the premises converged.
To have and to hold the afore-granted promises to the said
George J. Thorpe
d
his Hours and Assigne, to their use and behoof forever.
de, for my self my Heire, Executors and Administrators, covenant with the said I hope his
lawfully soized in fee of the afore-granted promises; that they are free of all incumbrances;
And
Heirs and Assigne, that
except a
That
and that
•Montgage of 22000 to Dexter and John 26 ↳ Preston
have good Night to soll and convey the came to the mid Thorpe
will warrant and defond the same premises to the said Thorpe
hu Hoirs and Assigns forever, against the lawful claims and demands of all persons.
the card John W. Ryan Jr.
Provided Nevertheless, and this dead is on the following condition, that whereas I,
have executed one
Promissory Note of Hand, boaring even date herewith
for the sum of Twelve Hundred Dollars payable to the nder of ses L. Thorpe in instalments as • follows, mz."
Blue Walldre on the first day of October 1996 and a like sund of Twelve Dollars on the first day of hack Y every
month thereafter until the whole he is paid, with interest payable remi-annually at the rate of us per cent per ammin
germs &ity and liffet the time absorption after theft or on the
and
this indi
have
debt secured hereby, and keep the buildings on said premises insured against fire, in a sum satisfactory to and for the benefit of the Grantee and
the said
his Heirs-and Aesigns, of Legal Representatives
Therefore, if of
or
my
Legal
John W Qyan Jr.
representative pay the full amount of said Note according to the tenor thereof, and shall pay said taxes and
keep said buildings insured as aforesaid, then this deed shall be void; otherwise in full force.
my,
his Assigns
M
AL
hes or their name.
having first published notice of the time
But, if default shall be made in the performance of any of the foregoing conditions, the Grantee and.
legal representatives, aro hereby constituted m lawful attorneys for me and in
namesto fell and dispose of the aforesaid lands · public auction, on or near the premises;
and place of the intended sale, once a week, for three successive weeks, in some Newspaper, of there be any, published in the city or town
where said premises are atuated, and if no Newspaper is published in such city or town, then in some Newspaper printed in the county where
the mortgaged premises are situated, the first publication to be at least twenty-one days before the day of aale,
and in my, his or her name or namesto execute and deliver to the purchasers thereof, good and sufficient deeds of convey-
ance for the same, and of the money arising therefrom to retain a sum 1 equal to the amount remaining unpaid on said Note and all expenses
incuried in the matter, rendering unto me or my Hours, assigns, n Legal representatives a true and particular account of the same, with
any overplus that may romain thereof. And until such default the Grauteo shall allow
• Al1017 me & my beers, assigns, n legal representatives
And it is agrood that the Grantee or his Heirs or Assigns, or any one in
Legal Pelresentatives
his or their behalf may purobase at any sale made as
aforesaid and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money.
undisturbed possession of snid estate.
れ
In Witness Whereot, et the said
and I Selina M. Ayan
Man
wife of said John W. Ryan Jr.
John
august
to release all claim to dower and all homestead exemption rights in the aforesaid premises, have hereuntoset
thirty.
•first
day of
Executed in the presence of
Albert A. J.
Tyler
Eugene Desaulniers
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
HAMPDEN, BS.
bohur
our
hands and seal & this
in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and ninety- sif.
John W Payan. Jor
Selina Mo. A.
Ayan
180 6. Then the within named
acknowledged the within instrument to be his free not and deed before mo
Received
August 31st
Sept. 2.
Heal
Areal
John W. Ayan Jr.
Justice of the Peace.
Albert A Tyler!
"James R. Well Hagiate.
1896, and registered from the original. Attest:
Register.