97
Stamfe25tae.
1 Acknowledge Satisfaction and
Know all Men by these Presents, that, hereby discharge this Mortgage
Dr. Mary S. Goodenough
Jennette & Smith of Springfield, Hampden County, Massachusetts.
in consideration of two hundred twenty five dollars
paid by Marys Goodenough of said Springfield, County State
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
said Mary S Goodenough
Jany:
131.1900
Wetness Amartensen.
and
Acertain tract of land situate in Springfield, bounded and described as follows
(to wit) Beginning at a stone bound on the Easterly side of Ranney street, at a
point one hundred seventeen feet (17.91) from South East corner of Ranney Ed
Alderman streets, and running thence basterly on line of land of Grantor,
one hundred fifteen feet (115) to land of said Grantor, orone Minott, thence
Northerly. on said Grantor, or Minott, fifty (50) feet to land of Grantor: thence
Westerly on land of said Grantor, one hundred and fifteen (115) feet, to Panney
street, thence Southerly on raid Ranney street fifty (50) feet to the place of
beginning, being parcel or lot number seven (7) on Jennette & Smith's plan of
lots, recorded in Hamfiden County Requestry of Deeds in Book of Plans Vol. I,
Page 11 to which reference may be had for further description Above tract is a
part of the premises conveyed to me by deed of John F. Anable dated Feb 23d
1889 and recorded in Hampden County Requstry of Deedown Book 453 Pagello
To Have and to Hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
and her heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever
Mary
And - hereby for myself
S Goodenough
heirs and assigns that
that g
and my heirs, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the giantee
and her
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances
will and
my
hens, executors, and administrators,
hens and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
am
have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee
and her
Provided Nevertheless that if
or
'
heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
my
two hundred twenty five d
or
'
ther
es on
nand
executois, administrators or assigns the sum of.
in
Jux
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the gianted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby,
per cent per annum; and until such payment shall
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fire m a sum not loss than
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee and
executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance othees as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expiration of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to
or them a new and suficient policy to take the place
of the one so expuing; and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained, then
this deed, as also
a note of even date herewith signed by me
giantee
whereby
Οι
'
her
promise to pay to the
or older the said principal sum and instal'ments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void.
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
executors, administrators, or
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said Springfield
first publishing a
notice
of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
Springfield and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple; and such sale shall
forever bar
✓ and all persons claiming under m fiom all right and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity. And
out of money anising from such sale the grantee
or her
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses incurred or sustamed by them by reason of any default in the performance or
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to me
for myself
and my
01 my heirs or assigns; and
hereby,
heirs and assigns, covenant with the giantee and her
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
hens, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
purchaseis a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale.
m
And it is Agreed that the grantee
, or her
executois, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in then behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money; and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
hens and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
receive the rents and profits thereof.
and
my
And for the consideration aforesaid J, Atwell P Smith husband of Jennette & Smith
do hereby release unto the said grantee and
In Witness Whereof, Wr
hereunto set our
eight hundred and ninety-mine
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
% Webster
her
the said
heus and assigns all right of or to both DOWER and HOMESTEAD in the granted premises
hands and add Smith Atwell P. S much
to bath!
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Hampdens January 6,
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
day of January
Jennette & Smith seal
Atwell PSmith seal.
1899
in the year one thousand
Then personally appeared the above-named Jennette L. Smith
her
free act and deed, before me-
Received
Jan 7
1899 and registered from the onginal
Attest.
معلول
Daniel E. Webster,
B. Wells
R.
Justice of the Peace
Register.