Know all Men by these Presents, that . See Assignment,
Carrie B. Morse of Springfield Hampden Co, Mass.
in consideration of
Nine hundred dollars.
paid by Moses P. Wheeler of said Springfield.
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
said Moses P. Wheeler
8.7499 340
See Discharge
81964P 327
a certain lot of land situated on the Easterly side of Coleman Street in said
Spring field and is henown and designated as lot mumbered eighty eight.
(88) on Ambrose O. Smith's plan of lots recorded in Hampden County Reg-
istry of
Deeds in book 506 page 601.
173
And being the same
• property conveyed to me
by Warranty deed of
:
Herman &. Juing of even date herewith to be recorded in Hampden Co. Reg. of Deeds
To have and to hold the granted
Moses P. Whed premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
And I
and us heirs and assigns, to then own use and behoof forever.
my
and
his
Thereby for myself and theirs, executors and ade granted promises, that they are free from all incumbrances
hens and assigns that
that
I
I
will and my hens, executors, and administrators,
have good right to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee and his heirs and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
Provided Revertheless that if I
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of
+*+
pay
or
mine
my heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
hundred dollars on demand
, 01
his
six
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of
all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby,
per cent per annum; and until such payment shall
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against file in a sum not less than mine hundred
dollars, for the benefit of the giantee and his
executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expuation of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to m oi them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expung, and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contamed;―then
this deed, as also
note of even date herewith signed by
whereby
giantee
me
me
01
'
his
promise to pay to the
Spring.
my
01 order the said principal sum and installments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void.
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
executors, administrators, or
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
Spring field
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
field and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchase or purchaseis absolutely and in fee-simple; and such sale shall
forever bai
and all persons claiming under же from all right and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity. And
out of money aising from such sale the grantee
his
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then on thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses incuried or sustained by them by reason of any default in
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to
performance or
the
for myself
and my
and his hen's, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
hereby,
hens and assigns, covenant with the giantee
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchase or
purchasers a deed oi deeds of release confirming such sale
And it is Ngreed that the
his
giantee , or
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be
or
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
receive the rents and profits thereof
me
ог
my
hens or assigns; and
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in their behalf, may purchase
be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
and,
my hens and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
And for the consideration aforesaid I, Ensign Morse husband of
and his
do hereby release unto the said grantee
In Witness Whereof,
hereunto set
our
eight hundred and ninety- mine
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
Carrie B. Morse
curtesy
hens and assigns all right of or to both Dow ER and HOVESTEAD in the granted premises
чие
hand
the said
and seal $ this
17th
F. J. Demond to both
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSFITS,
Hampden
SS.
arrie B. Morse y Ensign Morse
day of January
Carrie B Morse
in the year one thousand
Seal
Ensign
Morse
8
。 Seal
January 19th 1899 Then personally appeared the above-named
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
free act and deed, before me-
grantor Carrie B Morse
Frank J Demond
her
Received
Janry 19"
1899 and registered from the onginal
Attest.
Jaunes
James R. Wells
Justice of the Peace
Register
1
1
1
1
1
1