↓
2
Ackney Satisfaction and
hereby unsur aige this Mortgage.
Ich B wood
Nov 71899
Witness Rifbartensen.
beginning
on
Mabut
t
خوص
We.
Know all Men by These Presents, That. W
Ellen M. Hathaway and Frank N. Hathaway (husband and wife) of Chicopee
In the County of Hampden
IN CONSIDERATION OF
and Commonwealth of Massachusetts.
Sixtyings Bank
Dollars, paid by the The Chicopee
Chicopee
a corporation established by law in
in the County of Hampden and Commonwealth of Massachusetts, the receipt whereof
is hereby acknowledged; do hereby give, grant, bargain, sell, and convey unto the said Chicopee
and its successors and assigns forever, the following described Real Estate, to wit:—
Savings Bank
a certain parcel
of land, with the buildings thereon and all the rights, privileges, and
appurtenances thereunto appertaining or belonging, lying in Chicopee.
in said County of Hampden
and bounded and described as follows, to wit:-
laid out in Chicopee Falls,
Chicopee Falls, running
a new street recently laid out in
the easterly side of
southerly from east Main street to Prospect Hill street, called Richmond street, at a point
distant two hundred and sixty-five (265) feet from the southerly line of East Main street,
us to William H. Dexter about one
and running
on
land
on said
McKeag's land S. 26°21' W. three hundred
formerly of John McFethries; thence
thence easterly
hun-
conveyed by
dred and sixty-four (164) feet to land formerly of John McKeag; thence southerly (about
∙S. ·9°20' W.) about seventy two (72) feet to an angle; thence
and seventy-eight and forty-five hundredths (378.45) feet to land now or
N: 24° 45′ W. on said land now or formerly of Mc Fethries one hundred and twenty-six (126) feet to a
corner; thence
on said land now or formerly of Mc Fethries N. 62° 21′ W. about thirty-six (36) feet
to said new street; thence northerly on said new street about three hundred and forty-five (345) feet to the place
of beginning. This
conveyance also includes all rights of way which
we may.
• have over said new street or any part thereof. This
convey
ance is made subject to a prior mortgage given by us to the said Bank and now held by said bank for nine hundred dollars.
To Save and to hold the above granted premises to the said
And We the said Ellen M. and Frank N. Hathaway
with the Grantee hereof, its successors and assigns, that
We are
Bank
its successors and assigns to their use and behoof forever.
for our selves and our heirs, executors, and administrators, do covenant
lawfully seized in fee simple of the aforegranted premises; that they are free from all incum-
as to said prior mortgage
that we have a good right to sell and convey the same to said Grantee, its successors
and assigns forever, as aforesaid; and that
We
heirs, executors, and administrators shall warrant and defeND the same to the said Grantee, its
successors and assigns forever, against the lawful claims and demands of all persons.
brances; except
will and our
Provided, Nevertheless, that if We the said Ellen M. and Frank N. Hathaway Sixty
June
and
December
five
or our heirs, executors,
administrators, or assigns, shall pay unto the said Grantee, at its banking house, or to its order, the sum of
Dollars,
on demand, with interest, at the rate of
per centum per annum, payable semi-annually on the
first days of
' in each year, and, during the continuance of this mortgage, punctually pay all taxes and assessments, now or
hereafter levied for assessed on said premises, or on said Grantee or its successors or assigns by reason hereof, and keep all buildings, now or hereafter standing on said
premises, insured against fire, satisfactorily to and for the benefit of said Grantee and its successors and assigns, or, in default of such payment of taxes and assessments or
of effecting such insurance, shall, on demand, pay to said Grantee or its successors or assigns all such sums as it or they shall pay therefor, with interest, and shall not
아
promise to pay to the said Grantee or order, the sum of
Dollars, and interest at the times and places aforesaid, shall be void, otherwise in full force.
But if Default shall be made in the performance of the foregoing condition or covenants, or any part thereof, then the said Grantee or its successors or assigns may
sell the aforegranted premises, or such portion or portions thereof as may remain subject hereto (in case of any partial release hereof), either as a whole or in separate parcels,
and at one time or at different times, as it or they may elect, with all the improvements that may be thereon, at public auction, in said
commit or suffer any strip or waste of the said premises.; then this deed, as also a promissory note of even date herewith signed by us. the said Ellen M. and
"Frank N. Hathaway
jointly & severally
whereby we
Sixty
,
Chicopee
our
it or they first publishing notice of such sale and of the time and place thereof, once a week for three successive weeks in some newspaper published in the place wherein
said premises are situated, if there be any such newspaper there published, if not, then in any newspaper published in the County where said premises are situated, the first
publication of such notice to be not less than twenty-one days before the day of sale;
And either during the life or after the death of
ourselves:
the said Grantors and in
its or their own name
or names, or as attorney of us the said Grantors for that purpose hereby duly authorized and appointed, or otherwise, may convey the premises so sold, absolutely
and in fee simple, to the purchaser or purchasers accordingly; and, out of the proceeds of such sale, may retain all sums then hereby secured (whether then or thereafter
payable) and the amount of all costs, charges, and expenses incurred or sustained by it or them in making such sale or by reason of any such default, with interest upon all
such sums or amounts, rendering the surplus, if any, of such proceeds to us the said Ellen M Frank N. Hathaway
or our heirs or
assigns,, on demand, and such sale shall forever bar
and all persons claiming under us from all right and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in
equity, and We do further covenant with the said Grantee and its successors and assigns for ourselves
and our
heirs, executors, and administrators, that
We or
they will, upon request, confirm by proper deed of release any sale or foreclosure made or effected hereunder.
And it is agreed that the said Grantee or its successors or assigns, or any person or persons in its or their behalf, may purchase at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no
other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money therefor.
us
Grantee and its successors-and-assigns all right of or to both dower
and.
And, for-the-consideration aforesaid, I,
do hereby release unto the said
and homestead in the aforegranted premises and in the proceeds thereof,
in case of sale hereunder, and agree to join in any deed of confirmation of any sale or foreclosure made or effected as aforesaid
In Witness Whereof,
We the said Ellen M. Hathaway and Frank N. Hathaway
have hereunto set our hands and seals this
year of our Lord eighteen hundred and ninety-six.
Signed, sealed, and delivered in presence of
L. E. Hitchcock
L.E.
Commonwealth of Massachusetts,
Ellen M. Hathaway
before me,
Received
Aug. 1188
eleventh
day of
August
Ellen M. Hathaway +heal.
Frank N. Hathaway Seal.
HAMPDEN, SS.
of
one
Aug. 11th
A. D. 1896
in the
Then personally appeared
the within named Grantors, and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be her free act and deed;
Doranus E. Hitchcock.
1896 and Registered from the original. Attest,
Justice of the Peace.
mas R. Well
Janna
.Register.