Book 587
1 Acknowledge
hereby ty
Know all Men by these Presents, that of ze Satisfaction sy 1
Theophile Patenaude of Chicopee. Hampden County. Massachusetts. Citate of Hillary fier
in consideration of Oare Hundred and
Oare Hundred and fifty Dollars.
paid by Willard Elmer of Springfield in said bounity.
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
said
"Willard Elmer
Nelson Lahme,
Witness L.G. Fuller
Aug. 1, 1900
a certain paccel of land with the buildings therem aituated in eaid bhicopee bounded and described as follows=
Beginning at a point on the south side of a
•a new avenue called McKinstry Avenue 264 feet westicly from the west-
-erly ride of the Berry Road running from to hicopee stalls to obolyoke, "ohence xumning on raid Avenue §. 76°30′
ше
wort 264 feet to land of one Parent : thence sumning & 13.30 6. along aid Parents land 165 feet to land of one Pion thence on
caid Privis land N. 76° 30°E. 2.64 feet to land of one Morose: thence on Raid Morose's land ct. 13° 30' W. 165 feet to the front of
beginning containing one acre of land being the same land conveyed to me by deed of Edward Malden dated site y
M. by 11.1894
corded
Kamifidem Registry of Deeds in Book 560 Page 562. Subject to prior mortgages to raid Willard Ohnuer amounting to one thousand dollars.
To have and to po the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances, thereto belonging, to the said
And
Ꭻ
heirs and assigns that
excepting
and
and
Willard Elmer
his heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever.
my
heirs, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the antee and his
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances
hereby for
arn
I myself
paid mortgages
that
have good right to sell and convey the same as aforesaid; and that
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee and his
will and my
heirs, executors, and administrators,
heirs and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons.
I
, or
my
heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
or
his
'
excepting as to raid prior mortgages
Provided Reverth
if
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of
One hundred and fifty dollars on demand.
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of
rix
per cent. per annum; and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby;
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fire in a sum not less than catisfactory to
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee and his executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expiration of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to him or them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expiring; and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any
this deed, as also
my
note of even date herewith signed by
гиё
grantee or order the said principal sum and instalments of interest at the time. aforesaid shall be void.
'
whereby
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
, or,
govenant
his
herein contained,—then
promise to pay to the
executors, administrators, or
remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof conce
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
ΟΙ
his
Springfield
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple; and such sale shall
forever bar
ми
and all persons claiming under Me
from all right and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity. And
out of money arising from such sale the grantee
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses incurred or sustained by them by reason of any default in the
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to
Mie
nt with the grantee and
for
myself
and
my heirs and assigns, covenant
case a sale ale made under the foregoing power,
purchasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale.
And it is Agreed that the grantee , or his
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
receive the rents and profits thereof.
And for the consideration aforesaid
do hereby release unto the said grantee
elatutes therein In Witness Whereol,
hereunto set
our,
eight hundred and ninety-eight.
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
or
Performance
or
hereby,
hir my, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in their behalf, may purchase
be answerable for the application of the purchase money; and that, until default in the
and
heirs and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
my
I. Hermine Patnode wife of the said Theophile Patrode
W
and assigns all right of or
his
the said Theophife Patenaude Hermizre Patenaude
to both DOWER and HOMESTEAD in the granted premises. all right by
hand 3 and seal 3 this
J.G. Dunning by both.
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Nr
First
day of
august
in the year one thousand.
Sheophile Patenaude Seal.
Hermine Patenaude osial.
SS. Chringfield August | 1898. Then personally appeared the above-named
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Stamp 10% + cancelled
Received
Theophile Patenaude
his
free act and deed, before me-
Janiers. Dunning ustice
Justice of the Peace.
aug.
2
1898 and registered from the original
Attest:
mes B. Wells
Register.