to the town or Corporation of Holyoke, the right at all times to enter upon..
said passage way to lay sewers water of gas pipes," repair the
eamed to do whatsoever is necess.
· necessary
to be done for the public
interest of convenience.
"d
Fifth: all those parcels of land conveyed to said Holyoke Paper
Company by said Holyoke Water Tower Company by deed dated
October 15,1872, recorded in said Registry, book 300, page 511, eaid.
- parcels being therein described as follows: Three parcels of land
situated in Holyoke, in the bounty of Hampdew, described as fol
lows, viz: Mill Site or Lot No. 1. Beginning at the point of in
tersection of the Northerly side of appleton street, with the What.
erly water line of the second level leanal of thence running
Northwesterly
on said Appleton street four hundred (400) feet to the
point of intersection of said northerly side of Appleton street, with
the Easterly water line of the first level Canal; thence running
Northeasterly on said Easterly water line of said first level
Canal four hundreds & seventy (70) feet to land now or lately of
freng of
E. B. Bigelow, thence running Southeasterly along the Southerly line.
said Bigelow's land four hundred (400) feet to e aid recond level.
Canal; thence, running Southwesterly on said Westerly water lined
said second level Canal four hundred seventy (470) feet to place
of beginning, contact, in prembers, alsoome
containing
one hundred" eighty-eight the
-eight thousand
(1.88,000) square feet, more or less, also one other parcel of land bound-
edy described as follows. viz.
Lot No.2, Beginning at the point of intersection of the North
exly side of appleton street, with, the Westerly waterline of the
first level canals & thence running Northwesterly one and appletong
"
street eighty (8.0) feet, thence Northeasterly on a line parallel with
said water line of said canal four hundred by seventy (470) feet
to land of said Rigelow, theme running Southeasterly along the
Southerly line of said Bigelow's land eighty (80) feet to said Wetterly
ivater line; thence running Southwesterly along said Westerly wat
line four hundred by seventy (470) feet to the place of beginning
taining thirty-seven thousand six hundred (37,600) square feet
more or less,
Con
Also one other parcel of land bounded described as follows, viz.
Lot No. 3. Beginning at a point on the Northerly side of appleton
street ninety (90) feet Easterly from the Easterly line of Wigh
ді
street, as proposed projected on plans of eard Holyoke
Water Power Company, 4. thence running Southeasterly on
said Northerly line of said Appleton street, two hundred y
.5