156
"For Entry Seler,affident
see Book 659 Pages 19,80481
Know all Men by these Presents, that
Laura S. Dunham of Monson in the County of "Hampden", Commonwealth of
Massachusetts
in consideration of
Three hundred dollars,
paid by George W.Dunham of Ware in the County of Hampshire & Commonwealth
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, baigain, sell and convey unto the
said George W. Dunham
a certain tract of land with the buildings thereon situate in said Monson bound-
ed. "I described as follows: beginning at the corner
f
of Lincoln and main streets
at a stone bound; thence South 60¾° West brods and 15 links to a stake and
stones; thence south 31° East prods and two links to the North Westerly corner
bound of L. S Mann: thence North 60%+ East six rods $15 links on said Mann's land:
to Main street; thence northerly on said Main street to the place of beginning, containing 30 rods
more or less "fare the same premises described in a Warranty deed from John L. Bacon to John S.
Bogan dated April 2, 1896 recorded in Hampden County Registry of Deeds book 5448 page 163% from Nellie
A Belding to me by deed dated January 6" 1899 to be recorded herewith
To Have and to Hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
and his heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof for ever
George W. Dunham
hens and
hereby for myself
that
assigns
dark
and
my
excepting a mortgage to John S. Blayfully seized in
that
and
This
heus, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the grantee
fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances
on which there is now due the sum of #5325
वे
will and my hens, executors, and administrators,
hens and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee and Puis
Provided Nevertheless that if
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of
in
pay
, or
my
heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
Three hundred dollars on demand
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the late of
fue
or
his
'
per cent per annum; and until such payment shall
all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid on assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therem, or on the debt secured hereby;
Three hundred
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fine in a sum not less than
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee and his
executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expiration of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to him or them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expiring; and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,―then
this deed, as also
note of even date herewith signed by
whereby
giantee or order the said principal sum and instal ments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void
له
me
, 01
his
promise to pay to the
executors, administrators, or
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
assigns may SELL the granted piemises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
Monson
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said County
me
01
and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchaseis absolutely and in fee-simple, and such sale shall
forever bar
and all persons claiming under me fiom all night and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity. And
Pres
out of money arising from such sale the grantee
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then on thereafter payable, including all costs, changes, and expenses incurred or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance oi
and
hereby,
to
any,
me
observance of the said condition, rendering the sui plus, if
.or my heus of assigns,
and my
for myself
heirs and assigns, covenant with the giantee
and his
hens, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchase or
purchasers a deed on deeds of release confirming such sale
And it is Agreed that the giantec
01
'
covenant
hris
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in their behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money; and that, until default in the
hens and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
receive the ients and profits thereof.
and my
And for the consideration aforesaid I, Washington & Dunham, husband of said Laura S. Dun-
ham consenting
do hereby release unto the said giantee
Rerets'
and his
our
hand and seals this
mine
In Witness Whereof, we the said
hereunto set
eight hundied and ninety-
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
Freelon 2. Ball
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Hampden ss
January
hens and assigns all nights of or to both nowER and HOMESTEAD in the granted premises.
Saura S. Dunhamad Wa
tenth
day of
aton S. Dunhamn
Igarashingt
Laura S.Dunham
in the year one thousand
Seal
Washington S. Dunham, Seal
10th
1899
her
Then personally appeared the above-named
free act and deed, before me-
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Received
Jany, 14th,
189
69 and registered from the original
Attest
Laura S. Dunham
Freelon 2 Ball
C. James
B. Wells
Justice of the Peace
Register.
•