and ninety eight.
Executed in the presence of
off
Albert A. Tyler,
Nicholas G. Hayes
Commonwealth of Massachusetts.
Seal.
Hampshire ss. November 9th 1898. Then the above named Nicholas
.G. Hayes acknowledged the above instrument to be his free act
and deed, before me, Albert A. Tyler, Justice of the Peace.
"Rec'd Nov 10, 1898 and Regid from the original.
Attest Jumis R. Wells
Register.
88
3
Jo
The Deed of Mortgage given by Valere Ducharme of Holyoke. Pierre Bonvouloir Ex³
• Mass, to Alexander Galarneau of Holyoke, Mass., Recorded in
• Book 544 Page 222 of Hampden County, Mass., Registry of Valere Ducharme.
Deeds, is hereby discharged, the condition thereof having been fulfilled.
my
I'm Witness Whereof, I hereunto set hand and seal, the eighth.
day of November in the year of our Lord eighteen hundred and
•minety-eight.
Executed in the presence of Pierre Bonvouloir
Albert A. Tyler.
Heal.
J Executor of the last will of. Alexander Galarneau
Commonwealth of Massachusetts.
Hampden ss. November 8th 1898. Then the above named Rivre.
Bonvouloir, Executor, acknowledged the above instrument to
be his free act and deed, before
me.
Albert A. Tyler, Justice of the Peace.
Rec'd Nov. 10, 1898 and Reg'd from the original.
Attest James B. Nello
Register.
8
Know all Men by these Presents, That I. S. S. Draper of. E. S. Draper
Holyoke, Hampden County Marsachusetts. the assignee of The
Jo
• Grantee mentioned in the Deed of Mortgage dated July 24. Michael R. Dalton'
1897 and recorded in Hampden County, Mass, Registry of
Deeds, Book 570 Page 388 in consideration of one Dollar paid
by Michael R. Dalton of Holyoke in the County of Hamp
den and State of Massachusetts the receipt where of I do
hereby acknowledge, do hereby sell, assign and transfer unto.
the said Michael R. Dalton the aforesaid Deed of Mort-
and all my right, title and interest, in and to the
• Real Estate therein conveyed with the note therein described.
To save " a to Hold the same, to the said Grantee his Heirs and
Assigns, to their
use and behoof forever; free from all claim or
said E. S. Draper or any person claim-
·gage,
interference of
me
the