}
274
For Discharge Que Book Know all Men by these Presents, thatw.,
599 Page473
Dee
Arthur Perraulted Fred H Sovelle both of Holyoke, Hampeden
County, Massachusetts, Chartners doing business as Perrault Loville
in consideration of Five Hundred Dollars
paid by
raper of said Holyoke
the receipt whereof hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, baigain, sell and convey unto the
said & & Draper
and Assian
A certain tract of land situated in Willemansett in Chicopee bounded described
as follows vig. Commencing at a point on the Easterly side of Adams street One
hundred fifty (50) feet northerly from the northerly side of North Main Street;
chence running northerly along said Adams Street fifty (50) feet, whence easterly
at a right angle to said Adams Street one hundred eighteen (118) feet to a stake
and stone; thence running southerly parallel to Adams Street fifty (50) feet to
a feant, shance running westerly one hundredd eighteen (118) feet to the point of
beginning Being lot number nine (9) on a plan of lots formerly owned by. Arthur.
Perrault, said plan being drawn by J. W man.
To Have_and_to Hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
ъб Джанет
and
heirs and assigns, to then own use and behoof forever
And hereby for ever and
heirs, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the grantee and his
heirs and assigns that weare
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbiances
save a perear mortgage to this grantee for Seventeen Hundred Dollars
that have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that wxe
will and ur hens, executors, and administi ators,
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee and his hens and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
Provided Nevertheless that if
+
AUR, 01 our heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
executois, administrators or assigns the sum of Five Hundred Dollars on demand
租
Just
or hers
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of
per cent per annum; and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest there, or on the debt secured hereby;
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fire in a sum not less than J.
venty
Five'
ared
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee and his
executois, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expuation of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to
or them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expuing, and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained, then
this deed, as also
note of even date herewith signed by 53
whereby w
grantee or order the said principal sum and installments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void.
a
or
'
promise to pay to the
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
executois, administrators, or
assigns may SELL the gianted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, a public auction in said
amfiden Counter
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks illows or moranewspapers published in said Chicofile or
Hampden Counter and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple, and such sale shall
forever
bar 13 and all persons claiming under s from all night and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity And
out of money aising from such sale the grantee
Pres
or
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
failure ard
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses mculled or sustained by them by reason of any, default in
wfulfil the com ion of I
tition, entering the surplus, if any, to
heus on assigns, and
hereby,
hons and assigns, covenant with the grantee and
hens, executors, administrators, and assigns that, m
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
of
usor of gr
'observance of th
for
and
xo 1
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
purchasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale.
And it is Agreed that the giantee
, or his
1
deed
ΟΙ
our
Performance mant
executors, administiatois, or assigns, or any person or persons in their behalf, may purchase
shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
and o
hers and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted piemises and
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchase
performance or observance of the condition of this deed we
receive the rents and profits thereof.
said Arthur Perrault & Rosalie
And for the consideration aforesaid we, Olivine Perrault wife.
Loville wife of the said Fred H. Loville
do hereby release unto the said grantee and his heirs and assigns all right of or to both DOWER and HOMESTEAD In the granted premises.
thur Perrow
the said Poult, I
hand and seals this revent
In Witness Whereof,
hereunto set
eight hundied and ninety- mine
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
Henry D. Banks
John Loville
Yvonne Perrault
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Hampden ss. February
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
of and Arthur
Fred H Souille I, Olwine Perrault i
Parali Loville wife of raid Fred H Sov
day of February
in the year one thousand
Arthur Perrault great
Fred H. Lovelle
Rosalie Loville
aseal.
areal.
Olurne Perrault
Velal
1899
Then personally appeared the above-named Arthur Perrault
fiee act and deed, before me
Jarriner,
Justice of the Peace.
Received
Feb 8,
1899 and registered from the original
Attest.
и
James B. Wells
Register.