8
8 +
Know all Men by these Presents, that
Enoch S. Best of Montague,
of Massachusetts
in consideration of
and
in the boonuity of Franklin Commomuraich
Three Thousand Dollars.
paid by Serge Starbuch of said Montague
ол
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
George Starbuck
a crtain tract of land situate ini
Holyoke
Mi
ttre!
i bounity of Hampden, in raid Commonwealth,
bounded and described as follows: my. Begurining at a point on the amutraly side of sighland Street, at the
northwesterly
corner
of
lot No
177
on a
- plan of lots recorded in 26 ampden bounty Registry of Weeds in Book 2:52
xumning westinly on aaid Highland Geet two hundred (200 feet to lot to 58 on raid flaw: chance
Page 246, these running arstaly.
turning running woutherly at a right angle to said Highland Street and along raid lot d to 58 one hundred
Te munity eight (190 feet to a froint : chine turning & euming santiely at a right angle to the last described linie twe
and
77 on
and
•
hundred (200) feet to lot No 17
ou said filan : thence turning running northerly one hundred and • ninety eight (98)
feet to the point of beginning. Bung lots Nos 54.55.56,4 57 on aaid plan, and a foart of the premises conveyed to me by
1896 recorded in Book 342 Page 143 of the Registres.
Thomas belly dated Scht is
aforesaid.
by deed dated Scht 19th 1896. recorded usi
Ed Have hits to Hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said.
This
hereby for
And
heirs and assigns that
I
and
myself
and
am
#
Except af mortgage for the sum of 1500 given
that
Starbuck
heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever. eorge
my heirs, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the grantee and his
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances,
have right to sell and convey the same as afpresaid; and that
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantce
y me to the Frank will and
'
and
his
теле
or
,
CA
my heirs, executors, and administrators
heirs and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons.
Except those clarning under raid mortgage
well and truly save
save harmless
Provided Nevertheless that if
heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
and his
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of from all loss, cost and damage from and on account of
his this
day rigning purity for me
one note for 3000. payable on demand to the Franklin Saving's Institution the frohr all loss, cost and older age from it on beccement of his belilarly
orgiving any
cenivals them of in whole or in
renewal of such reviervals, until the delt represented by such note is paid in full.
•hart,
-years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of
-per-cont. per annum; and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby ;
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fire in a sum not less than catisfactory to
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee and his executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
hein
and, at least two days before the expiration of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to
or them a new and sufficient policy to take the
place of the one so expiring; and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,――
then this deed, as also
note of oven date herewith signed-by-
promise to pay_to_the
grantee or order the said principal sum and installments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void.
мелела
cry
his
Holyoke
whereby
or
his
༡
heirs or assigns; and
Holyoke
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
executors, administrators, or
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together
with all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple; and such sale shall
Me
forever bar
me
And
and all persons claiming under
from all right and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity,
out of money arising from such sale the grantee or
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses incurred or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if to
hereby,
and my
Myself
case a sale shall he made under the foregoing power,
chasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale
And it is Agreed that the grantee or his
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
receive the rents and profits thereof.
for
any,
Mue
heirs and assigns, covenant with the grantee and his or heirs, fxecutors, administrators, and assigns that, in
covenant
And for the consideration aforesaid I Harriet &
do hereby release unto the said grantee and
In Witness Whereof,
hereunto set
онем
eight hundred and ninety- Aux.
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
N
his
the said
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or pur-
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in their behalf, may purchase
be answerable for the application of the purchase money; and that, until default in the
and
heirs and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
shak
my
Preat, wife of the
the Grantor
hand and seals this
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Franklin
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
SS.
22
July
beirs and assigns all right of or to both DOWER and HOMESTEAD in the granted premises.
Onwch y Best " Harriet &. Best
eventeenth
day of
July
Enock G. Beat
Harriet & Best
in the year one thousand
Seal
Seal.
Then personally appeared the above-named Enoch G. Best
free act and deed, before me―
1896
his
Received
July:
Frederick & Greens Lustice of the Pence.
23°
189 and registered from the original
Attest:
B. Wells
Register.