10
5
Know all Men by These Presents, Chat &
Ashley E. Bryant of Westfield
In the County of Hampden.
and Commonwealth
of Massachusetts.
IN CONSIDERATION OF fifteen Hundred
Dollars, paid by the Westfield. Savings Bank
Westfield
'.
Text & Sen Bischarge, 85, 675
8 157
a corporation established by law in
in the County of Hampden and Commonwealth of Massachusetts, the receipt whereof
is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, bargain, sell, and convey unto the said Westfield
Savings Bank.. and its successors and assigns forever, the following described Real Estate, to wit:-
of land, with the buildings thereon and all the rights, privileges, and
appurtenances thereunto appertaining or belonging, lying in
in said County of
a certain parcel
Hampden
Westfield
and bounded and described as follows, to wit:—
Commencing: at the North West Corner of the premises conveyed
side of Parker Avenue: Thence running Earterly
on the south
on the south side of said
• avenue about 50 feet to a stone; thence southerly at right angles to said
Avenue and by land formerly of J. S. Clark, about 100 feet to land
of Mrs.
Thence Westerly by sd
Tinker
-i
Tinker
land and land.
of E. D. Norton about 50 feet to land of Celia F. Bryant; thence
Northerly by land of said Celia F. Bryant, about 100 feet to the point
of beginning, being land formerly
To have and to Bold
And I the said Ashley E.
the above granted premises to the said
owned
by Joseph
S. Clark.
Westfield Savings Bank its successors and assigns to their use and behoof forever.
Ashley E. Bryant
with the Grantee hereof, its successors and assigns, that
brances;
and assigns forever, as aforesaid; and that I
will and
am
seized
for my self and heirs, executors, and administrators, do covenant
lawfully seized in fee simple of the aforegranted premises; that they are free from all incum-
that
have a good right to sell and convey the same to said Grantee, its successors
my heirs, executors, and administrators shall WARRANT and DEFEND the same to the said Grantee, its
successors and assigns forever, against the lawful claims and demands of all
Javyful
Provided, Nevertheless, that if I the said
first days of January
and
July
persons.
Ashley E. Bryant
Fifteen Hundred my
heirs, executors,
five (5) per centum per annum, payable semi-annually. on the
administrators, or assigns, shall pay unto the said Grantee, at its banking house, or to its order, the sum of
Dollars,
on demand, with interest, at the rate of-
in each year, and, during the continuance of this mortgage, punctually pay all taxes and assessments; now or
hereafter levied or assessed on said premises, or on said Grantee or its successors or assigns by reason hereof, and keep all buildings, now or hereafter standing on said
premises, insured against fire, satisfactorily to and for the benefit of said Grantee and its successors and assigns, or, in default of such payment of taxes and assessments or
of effecting such insurance, shall, on demand, pay to said Grantee or its successors or assigns all such sums as it or they shall pay therefor, with interest, and shall not
promise to pay to the said Grantee
Ashley E.
Bryant
whereby
, or order, the sum of
commit or suffer any strip or waste of the said premises; then this deed, as also a promissory note of even date herewith signed by me the said
Fifteen Hundred Dollars, and interest at the times and places aforesaid, shall be void, otherwise in full force.
But if Default shall be made in the performance of the foregoing condition or covenants, or any part thereof, then the said Grantee or its successors or assigns may
sell the aforegranted premises, or such portion or portions thereof as may remain subject hereto (in case of any partial release hereof), either as a whole or in separate parcels;
and at one time or at different times, as it or they may elect, with all the improvements that may be thereon, at public auction, in said Westfield
'
•
it or they first publishing notice of such sale and of the time and place thereof, once a week for three successive weeks in some newspaper published in the place wherein
said premises are situated, if there be any such newspaper there published, if not, then in any newspaper published in the County where said premises are situated, the first
publication of such notice to be not less than twenty-one days before the day of sale;
And either during the life or after the death of
his its or
the said Grantor - and in
their own name
or names, or as attorney of me the said Grantor for that purpose hereby duly authorized and appointed, or otherwise, may convey the premises so sold, absolutely
and in fee simple, to the purchaser or purchasers accordingly; and, out of the proceeds of such sale, may retain all sums then hereby secured (whether then or thereafter
payable) and the amount of all costs, charges, and expenses incurred or sustained by it or them in making such sale or by reason of any such default, with interest upon all
'
ome
such sums or amounts, rendering the surplus, if any, of such proceeds to me the said Ashley G. Bryant
demand,
myself
i
heirs or
or my law or in
and my
assigns, on demand, and such sale shall forever bar me and all persons claiming under me from all right and interest in the granted premises, whether
equity, and
do further covenant with the said Grantee and its successors. and assigns for
h
heirs, executors, and administrators, that
they will, upon request, confirm by proper deed of release any sale or foreclosure made or effected hereunder.
And it is agreed that the said Grantee or its successors or assigns, or any person or persons in its or their behalf, may purchase at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no
other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money therefor.
.or
And, for the consideration aforesaid, I, Minnie E. Bryant wife of the said Grantor
Grantee and its successors and assigns all right of or to both dower
do hereby release unto the said
and homestead in the aforegranted premises and in the proceeds thereof,
in case of sale hereunder, and agree to join in any deed of confirmation of any sale or foreclosure made or effected as aforesaid.
tho said
In Ditness Whereof,
we
have hereunto set our hands and seals, this
year of our Lord eighteen hundred and ninety-six.
Signed, sealed, and delivered in presence of
Bryant and Minnie E. Bryant
Ashley E. Bryant
seventh
day of
.
August...
A & Kneil by A.E. B. Ashley E. Bryant +Seal
A.
Minnie E. Bryant +Seal
Commonwealth of Massachusetts, HAMPDEN, SS.
before me,
Ashley E. Bryant
i
A. D. 189 6
in the
:
Then personally appeared
the within named Grantor (, and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be his free act and deed;
A. S. Kneil.
August 7th
Received
Aug. 13 the
1896 and Registered from the original. Attest,
Janua
R. Wells
Justice of the Peace.
Register: