☑
T◉
:
[+
&
250
Know all Men by these Presents, thats
9 Delano Bartlett of Springfield, Hampden County, Massachusetts.
in consideration of Sex I housand Dollars
paid by Henrym Van Deusen of Westfield in said County of Hampeden
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, baigain, sell and convey unto the
said Henry M Van Deusen,
531.
Fur His charge.
Rue Book 605 Page 339
Acertain tract of land with the buildings thereon situated in said Westfield, and.
founded and described as follows to wit: on
the north by the State highway lead.
ing from Westfield to Springfield: on the eart by land of one Perkins southerly
by land of said Perkins and by Westfield Great River westerly by land of G.C.
Lee and by said River. Daid firemises are known as the Hiram Harrison farm
and contain farty acres of land more or less:
ar
Also a certain scher tract of land situated in said Westfield, containing fifteen
acres of land more or less and bounded and described as follows to wit: North.
erly and Easterly by land of Thomas Dewey and land of the Boston and Albany
Railroad Company and by the road leading from the State highway under the
Railroad Bridge to Union street Saraherly and westerly by the State highway,
land of Peter Prout, land now or formerly of James L She feard and by river hole
brook, Dard tract being known as the Pasture Lot, also here conveying a certain
spring of water and rights to lay and maintain pipes to take water from the
pame to the first tract above described Said spiring and rights to lay and maintain
fuifies are fully described in a deed of H.M Van Deusen to Simeon E. Walton dated
July 25th St. 1898 and recorded in Hampden County Registry of Deed to which deed
deeds therein referred to reference may be had. It is understood and agreed that all hay
raised and out on the above parcels of land shall be fed and used refion raid premises
above conveyed. Sand parcels of land are the same conveyed to me by grantee by deeddated
To Have and to Hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said March 20, 1899.
Henry M. Van Deusen.
་་
And
hereby for myself
hens and assigns that
am
Thi
and his
heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever
and my hens, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the grantee
and his
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbiances
ge being quien to recune a fear
ад
e you
have money
that g have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that
will and my hens, executors, and administrators,
shall WARRANI AND DEFEND the same to the grantee
and his
hens and assigns for ever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons.
g
or my heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee, or his
six I housand Dall
Provided Nevertheless that if
g
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of
+#
five
on
mand
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the late of
per cent. per annum, and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therem, or on the debt secured hereby,
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fire in a sun not less than Three Thousand
dollais, for the benefit of the grantee and his executois, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expuation of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to him or them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so exping, and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted piemises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,―then
this deed, as also
note of even date herewith signed by mealso signed by Simeon & Walton whereby we promise to pay to the
giantee 01 oider the said principal sum and instal ments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void.
01 his executois, administrators, or
But upon aup default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or snch portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be theicon, by public auction in said Westfield
and
or
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three buccessive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
Westfield may convey the same by proper deed of deeds to the purchaser or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple, and such sale shall
forever bar me and all persons claiming underme fiom all night and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity And
out of money anising from such sale the giantee
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then of thereafter payable, including all costs, changes, and expenses incurred or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to me
or my hens or assigns, and I
hereby,
heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
for myself and my hens and assigns, covenant with the giantee and his
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
1
purchasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale.
And it is Agreed that the grantee
01
'
hris
executois, administrators, or assigns, or any person or peisons in their behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
receive the ients and profits thereof
and my
heirs and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
Delano Bartlett
And for the consideration aforesaid I, Alma Bartlett wife of said
Pris
do hereby release unto the said grantee and
In Witness Whereof, We the said
hereunto set
hens and assigns all right of or to both DOWER and HOMESTEAD in the granted premises
Delano Bartlett and Almaq. Baritett
march
our hands and seal this twentyeighth day of
eight hundied and ninety- mune.
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
A.7. Lilley Jo. 9.D.B
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Hampden ss march
Delano Bartlett areal
Аетая. Воrtlett deal
8ch
1899
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Received for 11,
Alfer !!
in the year one thousand
Then personally appeared the above-named 9. Delano Bartlett
his
free act and deed, before me
me
1899 and registered from the original
Attest
A.F. Lilley
5 Janu
Jonne 12. Nells.
Justice of the Peace
Register
}