248
Sue Discharge, B. 650 8 163
Stamp 254
Know all Men by these Presents, that,
Sarah Lazarus Morris Lazarus, both of
Norris Lazarus, both of Springfield,
Hampden County, Massachusetts.
in consideration of Hundress Jefty Jun (1052.80) Dollars
paul by Mary I Lincoln of Warren, Massachusetts
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, giant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
said Mary A Lincoln
a certain tract of land with the building's thereon located on the southerly side
of Congress street in said Springfield des bour
bounded
on said street forty nine = (493)
feet. more or less. Easterly by land now or formerly of Dexter Allis sixty five & ±
(652) feet mor- or less. Southerly by land formerly of James Brewer forty nine
af ½ (492) feet mor-or less & Westerly by land now or formerly of M. A Glyde sixty.
five d½ (652) feet more or less Bring lot numbered seventy six (76) on a felan of lats
recorded with Hampden County Registry of Deeds, book 158, page 101½d being che
same premises conveyed to Sarah Lazarus by Albert W Lincoln by deed dated.
October 12, 1898, recorded in said Registry book 582, page 255. Subject to a
of 1800 to the games W. Hall Fund
$
o Have and to Hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
Mary A. Lincoln
And hereby for ourselves
heirs and assigns that u
are
except said mortgage
and her hens and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever
and her
and heirs, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the grantee
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbiances
that we have good light to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee and her
except as to said
mortgage
will and our heus, executois, and administrators,
hens and assigns for ever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons.
shall
assigns,
pay
unto the giantee
, or
us en
Ther
Provided Nevertheless that if
heirs, executors, administrators or
we, or our
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of ten hundred and fifty two and
instalments as set forth in the note below referred to
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of
H
per cent per annum, and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby;
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against file in a sum not less than satisfactorily to and
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee and her executois, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall appiove,
and, at least two days before the expiration of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to her or them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expring, and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contamed,—then
this deed, as also one note of even date herewith signed by
whereby ме
giantee or order the said principal sum and instal ments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void
or
'
her
promise to pay to the
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
executors, administrators, oi
assigns may SELL the granted piemises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said Singfield
gfield
her
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
Stu
and may convey the same by proper deed on deeds to the purchaser or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple, and such sale shall
forever bar
s and all persons claiming under 913
from all night and interest in the granted premises, whether at law oi in equity And
out of money arising from such sale the grantee ΟΙ
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses incured or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance oi
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus,
any, to us
01 our heus or assigns, and we heieby,
for ours lves and our heirs and assigns, covenant with the grantee and her heus, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
purchasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale
at
And it is Agreed that the grantee
'
or her
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in then behalf, may purchase
any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money; and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed we
hens and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
receive the rents and profits thereof.
And for the consideration aforesaid
do hereby release unto the said grantee and
In Witness Whereof,
hereunto set
our
eight hundred and ninety- mine
Signede scaled and delivered
in presence of
we
and a
hens and assigns all right of of to both nowER and HOMESTEAD In the granted premises
in the year one thousand
the said Sarah Lazarus& Marres Lazarus
hands and seals this first
day of February
Lous Lazarus by bath
Ralph W Elles by SI
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Hampioen ss. February 2,
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Sarabher
mark
Lazarus seal.
Morris Lazarus seal
1899
Then personally appeared the above named Sarah Lazarus the above named grantor
her
free act and deed, before me―
Ralph W Ellis
Justice of the Peace.
Received b 2,
1899 and registered from the original
Attest.
Jun
is R. Wells
1
Register.
+
2