00
a part of
subject to all the conditions, stipuilations, reservations, restric
tions & agreements mentioned there in all proposals or other
instruments referred to ins any of the foregoing deeds aremade
this conveyance, including herein all real estate, build
ings, plants, fixtures, fixed machinery, appurtenances, rights priv.
fileges & ad interests therein which may be acquired, owned held.
by said Holyoke Paper Company at any time hereafter, to take
the place of any such property sold or otherwise disposed of
by said company told the above granted premised property.
unto the said "Heampden Loan's Trust Company, it's successored
assigns forever..
To Leave To
any
or all the said bonds....
or
In trust, nevertheless for the equal benefit nd security of all
persons or corporations who shall hold
My for securing the payment of the same by the coupons attached
to said bonds, according.
to the tenor "nd effect there of " dupon" qunder...
the several trusts, conditions and covenants hereinafter described
E .
provided & expressed as follows: .
there shall be no recourse
s
'd.
and
1. The Holyoke Paper Company chall" & will pay the princi-
poal & interest of said bonds, to the holders thereof, when das, the
ceame may
become dire, according to the tenoring effect there of
shall" d will pay all taxes, assessments "nd public charges which may
from time to time be lawfully levied or imposed by competent.
authority upon the mortgaged property or any part there of but
by or on behalf of any band holder to
any individual liability from any.
cause whatsoever, of ariy
director, in stockholder of the said Holyoke Paper Company Anyogen
bonds may be registered in the owners name at the office of said
Turst Company, such registry being
such registry being noted on the bond by the duly
authorized agent of the said Trust Company after which no transfer
thereof shall be valid unless made on the books of said Trust Compa-
my by the registered owner or his duly authorized representative" and
similarly noted, on the boid; but the coupons on all of the bonds
whether registered, or not may chall be transferred by delivery..
2. None of the said bonds shall be valid unless authenticated by
the certificate i
endorsed thereon, eigned by the said Trust Co. as
Trustee, but such certificate shall not be taken or construed as a repre
: ouuwarranty of the said Trust les, as to the validity effect in
for security of this mortgage Upon, the authentication of the said
bonds by the said Trust Company, said Tuet leo, may without any
(formality, record, requisition, proof, or requirement return said
sentation.