3
00
Know all Men by These Presents, That Was
all
John O. Moseley Huldah Moseley husband and wife of West Springfield
In the County of Hampden
IN CONSIDERATION OF "Fifteen hundred
And Commonwealth of Massachusetts.
Dollars, paid by the Springfield Five Cents Savings Bank
a corporation established by law in
Springfield. in the County of Hampden and Commonwealth of Massachusetts, the receipt whereof
is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, bargain, sell, and convey unto the said Springfield Five
Cents Savings Bankand its successors and assigns forever, the following described Real Estate, to wit:-
of land, with the buildings thereon and all the rights, privileges, and
appurtenances thereunto appertaining or belonging, lying in West Springfield
in said County of Hampden="
a certain parcel
beginning on the Southerly
and bounded and described as follows, to wit:—
WE ARE SATISFACTION AND
H
SPACSFIELA FIVE CLAYS SAVINGS CONK,
f
ASET. IA:18
Wins C. & Safford, March 15-1917
the Southerly side of Moseley Avenue at a point One hundred and
on said Avenue) from the point of intersection of
in a
the
fifteen (115)
easterly
now or
line of
on
formerly of
Moseley Avenue
one.
hundred
feet easterly (measuring
Main street with the Southerly line of Moseley Avenue, and running thence Easterly
"Moseley
Avenue fifty (50) feet: thence Southerly in a line at right angles to Moseley Avenue
One hundred and tiventy-nine and fifteen hundredths (129.15) feet to land
J. Q Moseley: thina westerly
O. thence
on last mentioned land in a line parallel with
fifty (50) feet: thence northerly in a line at right angles to Moseley
to Moseley Avenue
and twenty-mine and fifteen hundredths (129.15) feet to the place of beginning
is made subject to the restriction described in deed from John O. Moseley to Louise Bray
April 15, 1898 and recorded in Hampden County Registry of Deeds, book 502 page 465, as
No building shall be placed on said land within or nearer to said Moseley Avenue than fifteen (15) feet.
Being the premises conveyed to Huldah Moseley by John O. Moseley, Jr. by deed dated January 8, 1896.
recorded at the Registry of Deeds for said County of Hampden, libro 540 folio 55%
}
Save and to hold the granted premises to the said.
And. We the said Grantors
with the Grantee hereof, its successors and assigns; that
1 Springfield
We are
Cents
This
conveyame
dated
follows:-
Savings Bank its successors and assigns to their use and behoof forever.
for ourselves and our heirs, executors, and administrators, 'do covenant
lawfully seized in fee simple of the aforegranted premises; that they are free from all incum-
that We have a good right to sell and convey the same to said Grantee, its successors
brances; except as buildings We will and our heirs, executors, and administrators shall WARRANT and DEFEND the same to the said Grantee, its
and assigns forever, as aforesaid; and that
successors and assigns forever, against the lawful claims and demands of all
persons.
We
the said
Grantors
or our heirs, executors,
- Provided, Nevertheless, that if
administrators, or assigns, shall pay unto the said Grantee, at its banking house, or to its order, the sum of
Dollars,
on demand, with interest, at the rate of
in each year, and, during the continuance of this mortgage, punctually pay all taxes and assessments, now or
and
:
Fifteen hundred
five per centum per annum, payable semi-annually on the
first days of Janusaid premises; or on said Grantee or its successors or assigns by reason hereof, and keep-all buildings, now or hereafter standing on said
July
hereafter levic or assessed
premises, insured against fire, satisfactorily to and for the benefit of said Grantee and its successors and assigns, or, in default of such payment of taxes and assessments or
of effecting such insurance, shall, on demand, pay to said Grantee or its successors or assigns all such sums as it or they shall pay therefor, with interest, and shall not
commit or suffer any strip or waste of the said premises; then this deed, as also a promissory note of even date herewith signed by us the said Grantors
Fifteen hundred
•jointly and severally promise to pay to the said Grantee , or order, the sum of
whereby we
Dollars, and interest at the times and places aforesaid, shall be void, otherwise in full force.
But if Default shall be made in the performance of the foregoing condition or covenants, or any part-thereof, then the said Grantee or its successors or assigns may
sell the aforegranted premises, or such portion or portions thereof as may remain subject hereto (in case of any partial release hereof), either as a whole
and at one time or at different times, as it or they may. elect, with all the improvements that may be thereon, at public auction, in said West Springfield
in separate parcels,
it or they first publishing notice of such sale and of-the-time and place thereof, once a week for three successive weeks in some newspaper published in the place wherein
said premises are situated, if there be any such newspaper there published, if not, then in any newspaper published in the County where said premises are situated, the first
publication of such notice to be not less than twenty-one days before the day of sale ; ;
the said Grantors, and in our its or their own name
,
us
'
grantors
And either during the life or after the death of
or names, or as attorney of us the said Grantors for that purpose hereby duly authorized and appointed, or otherwise, may convey the premises so sold, absolutely
and in fee simple, to the purchaser or purchasers accordingly; and, out of the proceeds of such sale, may retain all sums then hereby secured (whether then or thereafter
payable) and the amount of all costs, charges, and expenses incurred or sustained by it or them in making such sale or by reason of any such default, with interest upon all.
such sums or amounts, rendering the surplus, if any, of such proceeds to us the said
assigns, on demand, and such sale shall forever bar us and all persons claiming under is.
or our heirs or
equity, and
we do further covenant with the said Grantee and its successors and assigns for
from all right and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in
heirs, executors, and administrators, that
ourselves
ше
and our
they will, upon request, confirm by proper deed of release any sale or foreclosure made or effected hereunder.
And it is agreed that the said Grantee or its successors or assigns, or any person or persons in its or their behalf, may purchase at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no
other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money therefor.
And, for the consideration aforesaid, I,
or-
Grantee-and-its-successors and assigns-all-right of or to both dower-
do hereby release unto the said
and homestead in the aforegranted premises and in the proceeds thereof,
in case of salo hereunder, and agree to join in any deed of confirmation of any sale or foreclosure made or effected as aforesaid..
In Witness Whereof. We the said
ha
hereunto set our hands and seals this
year of our Lord eighteen hundred and ninety-six.
Signed, sealed, and delivered in presence of
L. E. Hitchcock
Commonwealth of Massachusetts,
before me,
9. Huldah Moseley
John O. Moseley and Huldah Moseley
eleventh
Huldah Moseley +Seal.
John O. Moseley + Seab
one
HAMPDEN, SS.
of
day of
August
August 11th
A. D. 1896.
in the
Then personally appeared
the within named Grantors, and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be her free act and deed;
Loranus E. Hitchcock
Received
Aug. 11
11th.
1896 and Registered from the original. Attest,.
James
R. Wells
Justice of the Peace.
...Register.