camp 25acd
Know all Men by these Presents, that»,
John H Robbins of Springfield, Hamfiden County, Massachusetts
in consideration of Twelve hundred dollars
473
See Assignment,
886328504
8
See Pricharge, # 759 169
paid by Henry A. King of said Springfield, as Guardian of Stanley King & Carrie L. King
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, giant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
said Henry A. King,
rdian as aforesaid
a certain lot of land with the buildings thereon situated in said Springfield
and bounded, and described as follows, to wit: - beginning at the Southeasterly
2'
er of land of Daniel & Robbin's, on the northerly side of Allen Street, at
an vion rod running thence n 25°02′ & by said land of Daniel S Robbins, one
hundred (100) feet; thence South-easterly fearallel with said Allen street fifty
(50) feet; thence Southwesterly parallel with the first described line Onehun-
dred (100) feet to said street: 94/thence Northwesterly by sand street fifty (50)
feet to the filace of beginning. Being a part of real estate conveyed to me
to the
by Daniel's Robbins by deed dated
nsaid.
-
To Have and to Hold the granted premises, with all the pirvileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said Henry of King as
and his heirs and assigns, to then own use and behoof forever
quard
And
in aforesaid
hereby for myself
heus and assigns that
am
6
and my hens, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the giantee and hus
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbiances
that g have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee
and his
Provided Nevertheless that if
anshit and his
executois, administrators or assigns the sum of
In-
will and my
heus, executors, and administrators,
heus and assigns for ever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons.
,01 my heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
Juvelve undred
es on demand
'
ahus.
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of fividone-half per cent per annum, and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therem, or on the debt secured hereby;
shall keep the buildings on said premises misui ed against fire in a sum not less than sa factory to and
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee and is executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expiation of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to him oi them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so exping, and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant heie contained,—then
this deed, as also a
note of even date herewith signed by
whereby
giantee 01 order the said piincipal sum and instal.ments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void
me
01
promise to pay to the
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee hes executors, administrators, or
assigns may SELL the granted piemises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
fueld
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
County'
forever bai me
out of money aising from such sale the grantee
01
me
and may convey the same by proper deed oi deeds to the purchaser or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple; and such sale shall
and all persons claiming under
from all right and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity. And
iepresentatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then on thereafter payable, including all costs, changes, and expenses incurred on sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance ol
observance of the said condition, rendering the sui plus, if any, to me
or hels of assigns, and g hereby,
and my
myself
hens and assigns, covenant with the giantee and his hens, executors, administi atois, and assigns that, in
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
01 they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
purchasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale,
And it is Agreed that the grantee , 01
fol
executois, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in their behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
receive the ients and profits thereof
and my
heus and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
And for the consideration aforesaid J. Lucy B. Robbins wife of said John H Rabbens
do hereby release unto the said giantee
In Witness Whereof,
hereunto set
our
and his
ـــــو
the said
hens and assigns all right of on to both power and HOMESTEAD in the granted premises.
in the year one thousand
давт. Н. Заввиньо Rabвить
hands and seal this abbins Lucy, B 2.
eight hundied and ninety- mine.
Signed, sealed and delivered
în presence of
2.6. Hitchcock by both
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
amfiden
day of March
John H Robbins Aseal
Lucy B Robbins real.
SS
March 30th
1899
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
H'
Then personally appeared the above-named John H Robbins
free act and deed, before me-
Loranus 6. Hitchcock Justice of the Peace.
чал
Received March 30
189 and registered from the original
Attest.
mes B. Wells,
Register