18
dodue Saristaction ...
Muy A Dexter
Oct 30.1900
Welness Rmarterisen.
Stamp 25+ aed
Bnow all Men by these Presents, that s
Laura S Hamilton Joseph B. Hamilton, her husband, both
of Springfield, Hampden County, Massachusetts
In consideration of Twelve Hundred and Fifty Dollars
paid by William H. Dexter of said Springfield
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledge
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, giant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
алексиbedlanfallas
certain real estate situated in said Springfield bounded to described as follows.
beginning at the intersection of the southerly line of Ringgold street with the west.
enly line of Chestnut street and running thence Westerly on Ringgold street ninety-
and 1/2 (912) feet to an iron fun; thence Southerly on land now or lately of Amelia C
one
Jost, forty nine" 4 = (492) feet to an iron fun, shence Easterly parallel with Ringgold
street ninety one y = (91 ½) feet to (hestnut street, thence northerly, on Chestnut street
forty nine ½ (49½) feet to the place of beginning Being the same conveyed to me, said
Laura S Hamilton, by deed of even date herewith from said Dexter to be recorded
with Hampden County Deeds Subject to a mortgage of Three Thousand (3000) Dollars
matqaqbaffee
to the Springfield Five Cents Savings Bank.
To have and to hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
William Hi Dexter
and us heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever
And we hereby for ourselves and our heirs, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the grantee and his
hens and assigns that, saed Laura S. Hamiltonam lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are fiee from all incumbrances
except said mortgage of 3000.
and
that we have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid; and that we will and our heus, executors, and administrators,
shall warrant AND DEFEND the same to the grantee
heus and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons.
excefet ar
H
aforesaid
first
>
years from this date, with interest quarterly at the rate of six
,
or his
Braid
youse
Provided Nevertheless that if we 01 oue heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
(3)Dxecutors, administrators or assigns the sum of Jwelve Hundredand Fifty Dollars in installments as follows: Thirty
monthly paymenty the on the west day, full monte, beginning may 1.1899, ina
of every inaddition t
months from May 1, 1899, all of said pray ments to be continued until the ale amount is fraid.
per cent per annum, and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby,
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fine in a sum not less than 203
tory to and
dollars, for the benefit of the giantee and his
executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expiration of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to him 01 them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expuing; and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,―then
this deed, as also one note of even date herewith signed by
whereby
giantee or oider the said principal sum and instal ments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void
promise to pay to the
But upon anp default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
101 his executois, administrators, or
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said uingfield
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
Springfield and may convey the same by proper deed oi deeds to the purchaser or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple; and such sale shall
forever bar Aus and all persons claiming under
from all night and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity And
out of money arising from such sale the grantee
1epresentatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then on thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses incurred on sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance oi
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to 33
or our heus or assigns, and we hereby,
or
10
for ourselves and our hens and assigns, covenant with the grantee and his heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
01 they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
purchasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale
And it is Agreed that the giantee his
Or
'
=
executois, administiatois, or assigns, or any person or persons in the behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
hens and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
receive the rents and profits thereof.
And for the consideration aforesaid
do hereby release unto the-said-giantee
In Witness Whereol,
hereunto set
our
eight hundied and ninety-ne
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
and
we
the said
we and
hens and assigns all light of or to both DOWER and HOMESTEAD In the granted premises.
and sech B. Hamilton.
day of March
Laura D. Hamilton,
hands and seal this sixteenth
Clarence A Burt by both
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Hamfeden ss march 16,
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Received March 16,
Saura Hamilton real
Joseph B. Hamilton Iseal
1899
C
in the year one thousand
Then personally appeared the above-named Laura Hamilton
her
free act and deed, before me→
Clarence A. Burt
1899 and registered from the original is R. Wells.
Attest⚫
Justice of the Peace.
|
¦
པ
Register.
1