499
Know all Men by these Presents, thats for Entry are Book 677
Comm
Adaline V. Barrett, of Springfield in the Co
Massachusetts.
in consideration of one thousand-dollars
wealth of
paid by Justin B. Perkins of said I firing field.
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, baigain, sell and convey unto the
said Justin B. Perkins
Page 80
For Sale and affidairt
قعد
Book 677 Pages 287,288
a certain tract of land with the buildings thereon situate on the westerly side
nch
of North Main Street and northerly side of Arch Street in said "Springfield bounded
and described as follows, to wit: bounded easterly by North Main Street Sixty seven
(67) feet, southerly by Arch Drrect one hundred sixteend four tenths (116.+feet, westerly by
land of Edward J. Pierce about seventy (170) feeted northerly by land of Horates A. Ham-
itton about one hundred twenty two (122) feet. Daid firemises are hereby conveyed subject
to the restriction that no building shall be erected on said firemises within twenty years from
February 8, 1883 the front wall of which shall be within twenty five (25) feet from the
westerly line of the sidewalk of bricks on the westerly line of North Main Street. Daid firemises
came to me by descent as heir of my mother Calista Lindsay dare the name conveyed to said
Calista by Jane W Hooker by deed recorded in the Registry of Deeds for Hamfiden County
To have and to hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
En Book 393 Page 335.
Justin B. Perkins
and his heirs and assigns, to then own use and behoof forever
And 9 hereby for myself and my heus, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the grantee
hens and assigns that
excefeta
555 Page 519
that
and his
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances
co Davings Bank. corded in said Registry on Book
will and
hens, executors, and administrators,
hens and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
for 5000 to the Wa
have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that I
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee
and his
seme
In
y
interest
ten
my
ΟΙ
'
Provided Nevertheless that if g
, 01 my hens, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
his
executors, administrators or assign rate of six percent fir annum thereafter
the sum of one thousand dollars in one year fr This
rom
date with interest
and of sand one thousand dol
lansually at
not be fraid in said
ear with
joais from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of
per cent per annum, and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby;
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fire m a sum not less than satisfactory to and
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee and executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall appiove,
and, at least two days before the expiration of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to him or them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expiring, and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained, then
this deed, as also a
note of even date herewith signed by me
whereby
giantee
01
Pus
promise to pay to the
executors, administrators, oi
or order the said principal sum and instalments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said fringfield
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
Sprin
and may convey the same by proper deed on deeds to the purchaser or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple, and such sale shall
folevel bar
and all persons claiming under me fiom all night and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity And
out of money arising from such sale the giantee
his
01
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then on thereafter payable, including all costs, changes, and expenses inculled or sustamed by them by reason of any default in the performance oi
observance of the said condition, endeing the surplus, if any, to me
my
heieby,
for myself
and mu heus and assigns, covenant with the giantee and his hens, executors, administiatois, and assigns that, in
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
purchasers a deed of deeds of release confirming such sale
me
And it is Agreed that the giantee , 01
or
heus or assigns,
and
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in then behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
receive the ients and profits thereof.
and
and my
hens and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted piemises and
Curtesy
111
And for the consideration aforesaid I, Didney H Barrett husband of said Adaline Barrett
hereby consent to this convfyance and
do hereby release unto the said grantee
hens and assigns all light of an toratate by the cut the granted premises.
Adaline V. Barrett D.
Sidney H. Barrett
hands and seals this fourth
day of А ние
In Witness Whereol,
hereunto set our
we
eight hundied and ninety-li
Signed, sealed and delivered by
in presence of
F.H. Stebbins
the said
Adalin, J. Barrett seal:
in the year one thousand
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Hamfiden SS. Aperel 4,
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Didney H. Barrett seal
1899
Then personally appeared the above-named Adaline V. Barrett
her free act and deed, before me-
3: brick H Stebbins Justice of the Peace
Received April 4, 1899 and registered from the original
Attest
B. Nells.
Register