Stamp$ 2.000
Know all Men by these Presents, that w
Alfred Maynardy Lotty Maynard his wife both of Agawam
in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts
in consideration of
five thousand dollars.
paid by Philip H. Potter of spring field in said Commonwealth
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
hilip JV. Patter
said
125
same
Three tracts of land with the buildings thereon bounded" & described as follows to wit; First Tract situate on the
southerly side of Cooley Street in said Agawam bounded northerly by Cooley Street fifty (50) feet, easterly by land now
or lately of James J. Othick one hundred (100) feet, southerly by land now or lately of said thick fifty (50) feat
and westerly by land now or • lately of Cordelia Paro one hundred (100) feet. The north westerly corner of said tract being
one hundred (100) feet easterly from Bridge Street measured on the southerly side of Cooley Street. Being t
, the
premises conveyed to said alfred Maynard by James J. Othick by deed recorded in the Registry of Deeds for Hampden Countyou
Book 550. Page 54.3.
Second Tract: beginningon the northerly side of said Cooley Street at the southeasterly corner of land now or formerly of the
for
heirs of Simothy Collins & running thence northerly on land now or formerly of the hers of said Collins one hundred "aten (110)
'd
feet, thence easterly on land of Cornelius Crowley, George A. Smithy George Roberts one hundred of fourteen (114) feet, thence
southerly
formerly of Henry Bousquetry wife. one hundred "dten (110) feet to Coolly Street thence west.
erly on Cooley Street one hundred fourteen (114) feet to the place of beginning. Being loto mumbered Shirty-
sux (36) & Thirty seven ( 37 ) on a plan of lots recorded in sard Registry on Book 487 Page 602 being the same premises conveyed
to said Alfred Maynard by two deeds recorded in said Registry one on Book 538 Page 3534 the other on Book 557 Page 578.
Said tracts are subject to a mortgage for H 600 to the Springfield Cooperative Bank dated December 13.1898.
on land now or
Third Tract; on the easterly side of Maple Jerrace in the village of Mittine aque in West Springfield inoad
Commonwealth and being lot numbered Twenty (20) on Downey, Parkord Bless's plan recorded in oard Registry on
Book 541 Page 601. Said lot is bounded westerly by Maple Terrace sixty four's sixteen one hundredths (64" ") feet. The
northwesterly corner of said lot as shown on said plan is four hundredtwenty one sixty five one hundredths (421.60) feet
southerly from Kings Highway" the depth of said lot is about one hundred "yten (110) feet. Said lot was conveyed to said Sotty Maynard
by Dieudanne Bessette & is conveyed subject to a mortgage for $1600 to the Springfield Cooperative Bank dated December 13, 1898,
To Have and to hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appuntenances thereto belonging, to the said
Philip H. Potter
And we hereby for
hens and assigns that
ourselves
we are
except said mortgages.
that
чие
and s heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever
and our
and
heus, executors and administrators, COVENANT With the grantee
his
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances
will and our hels, executors, and administrators,
have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that we
shall WARRANI AND DEFEND the same to the grantee and his heirs and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
Alfred Maynard
, 01
his
heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee 01
'
hes
Provided Nevertheless that if said,
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of five thousand dollars on demand.
+-
pay
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of
per cent, per annum, and until such payment shall
all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby,
shall keep the buildings on said piemises insured against five in a sum not less than
satisfactory
To and
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee and his executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expuation of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to
tum
or them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expiring; and shall not commit or suffer strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,―then
this deed, as also
• dated fine ga
note of even unde notowith signed by said alfred Maynard whereby
giantee
a
01 order the said principal sum and instalments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void.
he
or
hus
'
promisesto pay to the
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
executors, administrators, or
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, W public auction in said, agewam or said West Springfield either as a whole at one time or in separate
and different this the grandection on on raidet
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said Hampden
County
and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchaseis absolutely and in fee-simple, and such sale shall
forever bai us and all persons claiming under LA from all night and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity. And
out of money arising from such sale the grantee or
Pres
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then on thereafter payable, including all costs, changes, and expenses inculled or sustamed by them by reason of any default in the performance o
observance of the said condition, rendering the sui plus, if any, to ио
01 our hens or assigns; and Le hereby,
for ourselves and
heus and assigns, covenant with the giantee and his hens, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
o they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser on
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in then behalf, may purchase
shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
heus and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted piemises and
ou
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
purchases a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale
And it is Agreed that the grantee
01
"
his
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchase
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
receive the ients and profits thereof.
And for the consideration aforesaid —
do hereby release unto the said grantee
In Witness Whereof,
سعره
we
and
our
hers and assigns all right of or to both DOWER and HOMESTEAD In the granted premises
Alfred Maynard rd Lotty Maynard
and
чие
hereunto set our
eight hundred and ninety-
mine
the said
hand and seal S this
day of
January
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
J J. Stebbins by both
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Hampden so January 11th
1899
eleventh
Alfred Maynard
Lotty Maynard
Then personally appeared the above-named
tree act and deed, before me-
and acknowledged the foregoing institment to be their
Received
Jany,
24
1899 and registered from the original
Attest.
in the year one thousand
+
Seal
a Seal
Alfred Maynardy Sotty Maynard
Frederick H. Stebbins
Mate
es PP. Nello
Justice of the Peace
Register.