386
1 Acknowledge Satisfaction and
hereby discharge this Mortgage,
S.V.JB. Cook
apr. H, 1902
Witness L. G. Fuller
9,
Know all Men by these Presents, that ».
Jason W.Steele of Springfield, Hampden County,
nonwealth of Massachusetts
in consideration of wo hundred Dollars
paid by LU.B. Cook of West Springfield in raid County Commonwealch.
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, baigam, sell and convey unto the
the receipt whereof is hereby a
Acertain tract of land situated in Agawam and Parish of Fuding Hills
in said Hampden County and bounded and described as follows. Begining at
the Southwest corner of the tract on the highway leading from Feeding Hello
center to Springfield and running Easterly
on said highway
on said Scott's land five rods
mine rods to land
Jixe
of Mrs Eperahann Scott, thence Northerly.
links, thence Westerly on land now or formerly owned by the hers of Sylvester
R Johnson ten rods, thence southerly on land now occupied by 9. C. Bellville,
G.
five rods and seven links to the place of beginning. Containing fifty rods of
of land with the buildings thereon. For further referme see Book 576 Page 802.
To Haye and to hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
LUB Cooké
And g hereby for myself
heirs and
assigns that
am
and heirs and assigns, to then own use and behoof forever.
and my heirs, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the grantee and his
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbiances
q a mortgage for 200 and one of seventy five dollars
have good right to sell and convey the same as aforesaid; and that g
will and my
shall warrant and defend the same to the grantee
heirs, executors, and administrators,
and his hens and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons.
excep
that
Provided Nevertheless that if
ร or my
heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall
pay unto the grantee
>
or his
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of Two hundred dollars on demand
球
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the late of
sex
per cent per annum, and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid on assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby,
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against five in a sum not less than Four hundred
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee and his executois, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expiation of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to him or them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so exping; and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the gianted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,—then
this deed, as also
a note of even date herewith signed by me
grantee or older the said principal sum and installments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void
whereby
'
promise to pay to the
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
assigns may SELL the granted piemises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
01° his executors, administrators, or
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
forever bar
out of money ausing from such sale the grantee
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
Springfield and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchase or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple, and such sale shall
me and all persons claiming under me from all night and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity And
his
ΟΙ
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then on thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses inculled on sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance oi
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to me
for myself
heus or assigns, and g
and my
heirs and assigns, covenant with the grantee
hereby,
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
and his hens, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaseı ol
purchasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale.
And it is Agreed that the grantee
, or his
or my
-
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any peison-or persons in then behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
heirs and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
receive the rents and profits thereof
and my
And for the consideration aforesaid I, Martha 9. Stelle wife of said Jason W. Steele
his heirs and assigns all right of or to both dower and нoмLSTEAD 111 the gianted premises.
the said Jason W. Steele of marcha 9 Stelle
hands and seals this twenty fifth day of February
do hereby release unto the said grantee and
In Witness Whereoſ,
hereunto set
our
eight hundred and ninety-nume
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
we
Theodore J. Durght
by 9.ws
COMMONWEALTH of MassachuSETTS,
Hampden ss. March
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Received
Jason W. Steele seal
Martha & Stule seal
1899
Then personally appeared the above-named
free act and deed, before me-
Mar 10,
1899 and registered from the origmal
Attest⚫
in the year one thousand
W. Steele
Justice of the Peace.
Theodore F Duight
James R. Wells,
James
Register.
|
↑