‣ 142
Stamp 25 ¢ + c
Know all Men by these Presents, that
Mary E. Leonard of Westfield, County of Hampden, Massachusetts
In consideration of
paid by
Fifteen Hundred Dollars
Vincent E! Barnes of said Westfield
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do heidby give, grant, baigain, sell and convey unto the
said Barnes
the following described tracts of land being & situate insaid "Westfield and first
tract
+
my farm situate on Pochassic Street & Bounded South on
Road: West
on
Boston & Albany Rail-
land of John M. Leonard, Wm Brown others: North on
land of
John H. Murry & Mosely heirs now or formerly, Easterly on land of Ellen L. Barnes • contains
&
60 acres more or less :Second tract bounded Southerly by Curtis street, Westerly byland
of one Mrs. Charks M. Phodes, also on the North by said Phodes: East by land of one Mrs Bush
• known as the Robinson Property: Third Tract. Bounded North on Notre Dame street, West on land now or
merly of E C. Carpenter : South on said Carpenter: + East on the New Haven, Northampton R.R. with the build-
thereon & contains 112 rodo more or less.
To Have and to hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
And I
Baines
hereby for my self
Jann
heirs and assigns that
and
and his
heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever
and his
my heirs, executors and administi atois, COVENANT with the grantee
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances
д
except mortgages to Woronoco Savings Bank & said Barnes
that
д
have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that
will and my hens, executors, and administrators,
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee and Pris hens and assigns for ever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
except as aforesaid
Provided Nevertheless that if I
ΟΙ
executois, administrators or assigns the sum of
heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
or
'
Рио
my
Fifteen Hundred dollars with
vor for - 1
117-
pay
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the late of
Sex
per cent per annum, and until such payment shall
all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therem, or on the debt secured hereby,
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fire m a sum not less than
Hollars, for the benefit of the grantee. – and
Q
exccutois, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall appi over
or them a new and sufherent policy to take the place
and, at least two days before the expuation of any policy on said premises, shall deliver-to
of the one so exping, and shall not commit or suffer any stip on waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,―then
whereby
this deed, as also
note of even date herewith signed by
me
as
D
promise to pay to the
, or
Pris
executois, administrators, or
giantee or order the said principal sum and installments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
assigns may SELL the granted piemises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
Westfield
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said West-
field
and may convey the same by proper deed oi deeds to the purchase or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple, and such sale shall
and all persons claiming under
fiom all night and interest in the gianted piemises, whether at law or in equity. And
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
out of money aising from such sale the giantee
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, changes, and expenses incurred or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance oi
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to
forever bai
me
01
me
his
me
and
or
his
and
hereby,
my heirs or assigns,
for
heus, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
heirs and assigns, covenant with the giantee
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser o
myself
and my
puu chasers a deed oi deeds of release confirming such sale
And it is Agreed that the giantee his executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in then behalf, may purchase
, 01
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
heirs and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
receive the rents and profits thereof.
And for the consideration aforesaid
do hereby release unto the said grantee
In Witness Whereof,
my
hereunto set
eight hundied and ninety-mine
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
Henry Fuller
and
I
hens an
and
my
all right of or to both power and HONESTRAD In the granted premises.
day of
the said Mary & Leonard
this fourteenth
and seal
hand
the word "five erased
• the word "sy" added before
delivery It. Fuller
FTS,
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS
Hampden
SS
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Received
Jan,
Jany, 16,"
January
in the year one thousand
Mary E. Leonard & Seal
1899. Then personally appeared the above-named
her
free act and deed, before me-
1899 and registered from the onginal
Attest
stenry
Mary E. Leonard
Fuller
States
B. Nello
Justice of the Peace.
Register.
I