| Acknowledge Satisfaction and
Know all Men by these Presents, that 9,
hereby discharge une mortgage Lottie M Weyant of Springfield, in the County of Hamfiden
SV. B. Cook
Arig 111899.
Witness R. Martensen.
A certain lot of land on
and Commonwealth of Massachusetts
In consideration of Fourteen hundred dollars
paid by Lycurgus UB Cast of West Springfield in said County of Hamfiden
the receipt
whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, giant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
said Lycurgues
B Cook
the northerly side of Grover street in said Stering-
field known and designated as lot numbered (48) Forty right
on my pelan
of lots recorded in Hampden County Registry of Deeds in Book of Plans No.
I Page 23. Daid lat is bounded southerly by said street fifty (50) feet,
easterly by land of Philifes and Leonard one hundred and nine (109) feet
northerly by land of one Grannes fifty (50) feet and westerly by land of
one. Show one hundred and mine (109) feet.
Being the same firemises conveyed to me by deed of warranty from George
W. Fairfield dated February 10, 1899 and is subject to the restrictions
thereen named
There are twenty eight cents in revenue stampes duly
cancelled on the note secured hereby.
To Have and to Hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
бусинамой в Caak
And g hereby for myself
heirs and assigns that
g
am
and his heirs and assigns, to then own use and behoof forever
and my
hens, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the tee and his
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances
except as to said restrictions
that
have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee
and his
except as aforesaid
Provided Nevertheless that if
g , or my
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of Fourteen ĥ
进
g
will and my hens, executors, and administrators,
heins and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons.
حمللملك المعد
heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the giantee
on demand
'
or his
Rix
per cent per annum, and until such payment shall
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby,
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against file in a sum not less than Juvo thousand
dollars, for the benefit of the giantee and his
executois, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expiation of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to him or them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expuing, and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant her em contained,―then
this deed, as also one note of even date herewith signed by
whereby
promise to pay to the
grantee or order the said principal sum and instal ments of interest at the time aforesaid shall be void. Sard note is also endorsed by
Kung & Wayant
me
--
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee , a his executors, administrators, or
assigns may SELL the granted piemises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said firingfield
and
me
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said Hampden
County
I may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchase or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple, and such sale shall
forever bar me and all persons claiming under me from all night and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity. And
out of money arising from such sale the giantee others
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses incurred or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance 01
observance of the said condition, rendering the sui plus, if any, to
or heus or assigns; and รี
hereby,
for
myself
and
hens and assigns, covenant with the grantee and his
heus, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
my
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
purchasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale
And it is Agreed that the grantee
, or his
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in then behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
and my
hens and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted piemises and
receive the rents and profits thereof
And for the consideration aforesaid
do hereby release unto the said grantee and
In Witness Whereof, I
hereunto set
my
eight hundred and ninety- mune
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
Leonard F Hardy
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
hers and assigns all right of or to both DOWER and HOMESTEAD In the granted promises.
arried
the said Lottie M Weyant,
this twenty eighth day of February
hand
and seal
Hampden 88. April 12th
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Received Aferil 12,
Late M. Weyant escal
1899
Then personally appeared the above-named
free act and deed, before me;
in the year one thousand
Lottie M Weyant
Leonard F Hardy
1899 and registered from the original
Attest
James
B. Wells.
Justice of the Peace
Register.