4
8
J. F. Greaney.
Jo
Know all Men by these Presents, That I Thomas F. Greamery of
Stolyoke, Hampden County Massachusetts. The Granter mentioned
I. M. Brown. Trustee in the Deed of Mortgage of Calmy Picard. dated Sept. 26th 1893
and recorded in Stampden County, Mass., Registry of Deeds, Book506
| Page 71 in consideration of Five Hundred (500) dollars Dollars,
paid by J. M. Brown Trustee of Springfield in the County of Hamp-
den. and State of Massachusetts the receipt where of I do hereby.
acknowlege, do hereby sell, assign and transfer. unto the said.
J. M. Brown Trustee. the aforesaid bleed. of Mortgage, and all
my_right, title and interest, in and to the Real Estate therein
conveyed, with the note. therein described...
$
J. F. Greaney-
To
-
To stave and to Hold the same to the said J.M. Brown, Trustee, his
Heirs and assigns, to their use and behoof forever; free from all
interference of the said. Thomas F. Greaney or any
-claiming by, from or under
claim or
person_
In Witness Whereof. I hereunto set my hand and seal this
Eleventh day of October in the year of our Lord eighten
hundred and ninety three..
Executed in the presence of
John R. Callahan-
Thomas F. Greaney Seal.
18_ Then the above named Thomas F. Greaney acknow-
lege the above instrument to be his free art and deed,_before_
يقسي
S.S.
John R. Callaham Justices of the Peace.
Rec... July 1, 1896 % 1 Regard from the original.
Attest
James R. Wells.
Register.
Know all Men by these Presents, That I Thomas F. Greaney
of Holyoke, Hampden county, Mass.. The Grantee mentioned in
J. M. Brown Trustee the Deed of Mortgage given by Everett. D. Mathewson dated_
Sept. 26th 1893 and recorded in Hampden County, Mass., Regis.
try of Deeds, Book 16 Page 366 in consideration of Six Hundred
dollars Dollars, paid by J. M. Brown, trustee of Springfield,
Mass in the County of Hampden and State of Massachusetts.
the receipt whereof I do hereby acknowledge, do hereby sell,
assign and transfer unto the said. J. M. Brown Trustee the
aforesaid Deed of Mortgage, and all my right, title and in-
terest, in and to the Real Estate therein conveyed, with the
note therein described.
Jo Have and to Hold the same to the said. J.M. Brown Trustee
his Heirs and assigns, to their...us
use and behoof- forever; free.
from all claim or interference of me the said Thomas. F. Greaney