10
To.
8
7
F. Greaney Know all Men by these Presents, That I Thomas F. Greaney of
Holyoke, Hampden county, Massachusetts The Grantee mentioned
J. M. Browne Trusteer in the bleed of Mortgage given by J J. Delaney dated Sept 26th
1893 and recorded in Hampden County, Mass., Registry of bleeds,
Books Page 15 in consideration of Six Hundred. (600) dollars Dollars
paid by IM Brown Trustee, of Springfield in the County of
Hampden and State of Massachusetts the receipt where of _I
do hereby acknowledge, do hereby sell, assign and transfer.
unto. the said J. M. Brown trustee the aforesaid. Need of Mortgage,..
and all my right, title and interest, in and to the Real Estate.
therein conveyed, with the note therein described...
I. F. Greaney
'Jo..
To Have and to Hold the same to the said IM Brown Trustee his
Heirs and assigns, to their use and behoof forever; free from all
claim_or interference of
me the said Thomas F. Greaney or
any person claiming by, from or under one.
In Witness. Whereof I hereunto set my hand and seal this
Eleventh day of October in the year of our Lord eighteen
hundred and ninety three.__
Executed in the presence of
John R. Callahan...
-Thomas & Greaney
Seal.
Hampden SS. Holyoke Mass. Oct. 11 ± 1893. Then the above named
Thomas F. Greaney acknowledge_ the above instrument to be
his free act and deed before me.
John R. Callahan Justice of the Peace-
Reed July 1, 1896 - Regd from the original.
ames R Wells Register-
Attest
James.
Know_ all Men by these Presents, That I Thomas F. Greaney of
Holyoke, Hampden County, Mass. The Grantee mentioned in the
J. M. Browson Trustee bleed of mortgage given by Mary Manley et. al_dated Sept 26th
1893 and recorded in Hampden County, Mass., Registry of Deeds.
Book 504 Page 369 in consideration of Eleven Hundred. ($1100) dollars
Dollars, paid by J.M.Browns Trustee of Springfield in the County
of Hampden and State of Massachusetts the receipt where of I
hereby acknowledge, do hereby sell, assign and transfer
unto the said J. M. Brown Trustee the aforesaid fleed of Mort.
and all
my right, title and interest, in and to the Real
conveyed,
with the note therein described...
To Have and to Hold the same to the said J.M. Brown Trustee his
do
gage, and
Cestate therein
Heirs and assigns, to their use and behoof forever; free from all
me the said Thomas F. Greaney
claim or
interference of
or any