1
know all Men by These Presents, That &
Emma I. Foster of Westfield"
In the County of Hampden
IN CONSIDERATION OF
and Commo
Dollars, paid by the Westfield Savings
Westfield
of Massachusetts.
Thousand
Bank
I
Book 555
a corporation established by law in
in the County of Hampden and Commonwealth of Massachusetts, the receipt whereof
is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, bargain, sell, and convey unto the said Westfield
Savings
Bank and its successors and assigns forever, the following described Real Estate, to wit:-
a certain parcel of land, with the buildings thereon and all the rights, privileges, and
appurtenances thereunto appertaining or belonging, lying in sd Westfield
in said County of Hampden
and bounded and described as follows, to wit:-
See Discharge
B1653P431
East by State Street, West by D. L. Gillett and Mrs. Samuel Taylors
North by Jas.
same
Noble
Jr. and
and South.
conveyed to me by sd Jas. Noble Jr.,
by Jas. Noble. Jr. Said premises being
and are
in width &
q
89 ft.
15 ft + 6 inches in depth. Said Noble's deed is dated May 31, 18954 recorded in..
Hampden County Registry of Deeds, Book 532 Page 555. To this deed reference
may
be had for further and other description. Said deed of said Noble is
Subject to certain conditions which have all been performed.
I
To have and to hold the above granted proming to the maid Westfield Savings Bank
premises
And the said
with the Grantee hereof, its successors and assigns, that
Emma & Fostery
brances;
d
myself
am lawfully
seizo
that
and
its successors and assigns to their use and behoof forever.
my
heirs, executors, and administrators, do covenant
I in fee simple of the aforegranted premises that they are free from all incum-
have a good right to sell and convey the same to said Grantee, its successors
and assigns forever, as aforesaid; and that
will and my heirs, executors, and administrators shall WARRANT and DEFEND the same to the said Grantee, its
successors and assigns forever, against the lawful claims and demands of all
Dollars,
-
first days of January and July
the said
بلا eminar
whereby
Foster
Two Thousand, or my
671
heirs, executors,
'
Provided, Nevertheless, that if
administrators, or assigns, shall pay unto the said Granted, at its banking house, or to its order, the sum of Two
on demand, with interest, at the rate of 5(five) per centum per annum, payable semi-annually on the
in each year, and, during the continuance of this mortgage, punctually pay all taxes and assessments, now or
hereafter lovied (or assessed on said premises, or on said Grantee or its successors or assigns by reason hereof, and keep all buildings, now or hereafter standing on said
premises, insured against fire, satisfactorily to and for the benefit of said Grantee and its successors and assigns, or, in default of such payment of taxes and assessments or
of effecting such insurance, shall, on demand, pay to said Grantee or its successors or assigns all such sums as it or they shall pay therefor, with interest, and shall not
commit or suffer any strip or waste of the said premises; then this deed, as also a promissory note of even date herewith signed by me the said Emma J.
Foster
nyote
promise to pay to the said Grantee or order, the sum of
Two Thousand Dollars, and interest at the times and places aforesaid, shall be void, otherwise in full force.
But if Default shall be made in the performance of the foregoing condition or covenants, or any part thereof, then the said Grantee or its successors or assigns may
sell the aforegranted premises, or such portion or portions thereof as may remain subject hereto (in case of any partial release hereof), either as a whole or in separate parcels,
and at one time or at different times, as it or they may elect, with all the improvements that may be thereon, at public auction, in said Westfield
it or they first publishing notice of such sale and of the time and place thereof, once a week for three successive weeks in some newspaper published in the place wherein
said premises are situated, if there be any such newspaper there published, if not, then in any newspaper published in the County where said premises are situated, the first.
publication of such notice to be not less than twenty-one days before the day of sale;
the said Grantor and in
its or their own name
my
or names, or as attorney of me the said Grantor for that purpose hereby duly authorized and appointed, or otherwise, may convey the premises so sold, absolutely
and in fee simple, to the purchaser or purchasers accordingly; and, out of the proceeds of such sale, may retain all sums then hereby secured (whether then or thereafter
payable) and the amount of all costs, charges, and expenses incurred or sustained by it or them in making such gale or by reason of any such default, with interest upon all
such sums or amounts, rendering the surplus, if any, of such proceeds to me the said
or my heirs or
assigns, on demand, and such sale shall forever bar
me and all persons claiming under me from all right and interest in the granted premises, whether at Yaw or in
equity, and
do further covenant with the said Grantee and its successors and assigns for
heirs, executors, and administrators, that
my
they will, upon request, confirm by proper deed of release any sale or foreclosure made or effected hereunder.
And it is agreed that the said Grantee or its successors or assigns, or any person or persons in its or their behalf, may purchase at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no
other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase therefor.
And either during the life or after the death of
demand,
or
}
me
Emma J. Foster
myself
,
and
And, for the consideration aforesaid, I, Charles F. Foster husband of the said Grantor do hereby release unto the said
we
CourlessL
Grantee and its successors and assigns all right of or to both dower my right, title & interest, and homestead in the aforegranted premises and in the proceeds thereof
in case of sale hereunder, and agree to join in any deed of confirmation of any sale or foreclosure made or effected as aforesaid.
have
In Witness Whereof,
ше
the said Emma I. Foster and Chas. F. Foster (her husband)
hereunto set our hands and seals this
year of our Lord eighteen hundred and ninety-six.
Signed, sealed, and delivered in presence of
A. S. Kneil.
seventh
day of
August
Emma I: Foster theal.
Charles F. Foster Seal.
Commonwealth of Massachusetts, HAMPDEN, SS.
Emma J. Foster.
before me,
8th
A. D. 1896.
in the
Then personally appeared
the within named Grantor and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be her free act and deed;
August 8
S. Kneil
Received
Aug. 11th
1896 and Registered from the original. Attest,.
7
"Jannes
B. Wells
Justice of the Peace.
..Register.
F