88
1 Acknowledge Satisfaction and
hereby discharge this Mortgage.
Harinah & Hall
may
22-05
wit b. & Safford.
Stampes 7540
୯୯
Know all Men by these Presents, that,
Jessie J Davis of Springfield, Hampden County, Massachusetts
in consideration of Twenty five hundred Dollars
paid by Hannah 6 Hall of said Steringfield
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, baigain, sell and convey unto the
said Hannah 6 Hall,
a lot of land with the buildings thereon situated on the easterly side of
Cambridge street in said Springfield, and known as lat number twelve (12)
on filan recorded in the Requstry of Deeds for said Hampden County, lib. 418
page 601: said laot being bounded Westerly by Cambridge street fifty (50) feet:
Northerly by lot number eleven (!!), now or formerly of George O Kingsbury
one hundred and seven and is 100/107/69) feet. Easterly by land now or formerly
of one Wilcox fifty (50) feet and Southerly by land now or lately of one Ensworth
one hundred sevented 7900 (l07.79) feet
Being the premises conveyed to me
Freeman Sears by deed. dated March 14, 1893 recorded at the Registry of
Deeds for said County of Hampden, lebro 50+ folio 133.
by
69
To Have and to hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
annah Ġ Hall
And
hereby for myself
heirs and assigns that
am
and her heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever
and my heirs, executors and administrators, coVENANT with the grantee and her
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances
will and
my
hens, executors, and administrators,
that g have good right to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that I
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee and her heus and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
Provided Nevertheless that if
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of
th
my
,
or
heirs, executois, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
ΟΙ
'
or her
wenty five hundred dollars on demand
per cent. per annum, and until such payment shall
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of five
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby,
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fire in a sum not less than rates
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee and her executois, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expiration of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to r
of the one so expiring; and shall not commit or suffer any stup or waste of the granted premises, or
this deed, as also one note of even date herewith signed by me
giantee or older the said principal sum and instal ments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void
tarily to and
or them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
any breach of any covenant herein contained,―then
whereby
promise to pay to the
01'
'
her executors, administrators, or
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remam subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said S.
gfield
all
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
Springfield and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple, and such sale shall
forever bar
e and all persons claiming under. me from all night and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity And
out of money arising from such sale the grantee 01
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses incurred or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to me
or my heus or assigns, and
hereby,
for myself and my heirs and assigns, covenant with the grantee and her
hens, executois, administrators, and assigns that, in
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
purchasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale.
at
And it is Agreed that the grantee
or her
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in then behalf, may purchase
any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
and
hers and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
receive the rents and profits thereof.
my
And for the consideration aforesaid I, Frank I Davis, husband of the said Jessie I Davis
do hereby release unto the said giantee
and her
hens and assigns all nightsee
Curtesy
DOWER, and HOMESTEAD in the granted premises
Jessie & Davis Frank I Davis
day of January
In Witness Whereof, we the said
hands and seal this third
hereunto set
our
eight hundied and ninety- mine.
Signed, stated and delivered by
both in presence of
Ralph W Ellis
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Hamfiden ss. January 4,
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Jessie I Davis seal
Franke 9. Davis seal
1899
in the year one thousand
Then personally appeared the above named Jessie J Davro cheabove named grantor
'her'
free act and deed, before me-
Justice of the Peace.
Ralph W. Elles
Received
Jan. 5,
1899 and registered from the original
Attest.
James Pc Wells
Register.