}
Stamp 25¢ + c
Know all Men by these Presents, that I
William A. Newell of West Springfield, Hampden County, Massachusetts
In consideration of Fifteen Hundred Dollars
paid by David Allen Reed of Springfield in said County State
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, baigain, sell and convey unto the
said David Allen Reed'
191
For Assignment See
Baale, 599 ege199
1 Acknowledge Satisfaction and
hereby discharge this Mortgage.
McGranger,
Now 26 1900 Witness & Martensen.
A lot of land with the buildings thereon situated on the Easterly side of Girard Avenue in
Said Springfield, and Penown and designated as lot No. 7 (seven) on Geo. O. Kingsbury's
See Discharge, Dr. As
polan of lots recorded in the Registry of Deeds for said County of Hampden, lib. 438 Folo 601,
being a lot situated on the Easterly side of said Avenue fifty (50) feet
wide and seventy-.
2
E
four and 1/10 feet deep. Subject to a
mortgage of
Two Thousandry Fifty Dollars
accrued interest to Mary E. Tendall
To have and to hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
David Allen Need
hereby fol
heus and assigns that
and his
"myself Jam"
except said mortgage
that
his
heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever said.
and my heus, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the grantee and
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances
have good light to sell and convey the same as aforesaid; and that I
except as af
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee
afores.
and
Provided Revertheless that if
my
will and
hens, executors, and administrators,
hers and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons.
and his
9
, or
my
heus, executois, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee ΟΙ
,
his
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of
Fifteen Hundred Dollars on demand
six
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of
per cent per annum; and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby,
shall keep the buildings on said piemises insured against fine in a sum not lose than satisfactory to and
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee
and his
executois, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expiration of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to him or them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expuing, and shall not commit or suffer any stip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of covenant herein contained,-then
this deed, as also
my note of even date herewith signed by
whereby
giantee o order the said principal sum and instal ments of interest at the time aforesaid shall be void
me
Spring field
any
, 01
his
promise to pay to the
executois, administrators, oi
Spring-
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
first publishing, a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for thiee successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
field
and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchase or purchaseis absolutely and in fee-simple, and such sale shall
forever bai
and all persons claiming under me fiom all night and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity
And
out of money ausing from such sale the grantee 01
iepi esentatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses incunnied of sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or
observance of the said condition, rendering the sui plus, if any, to
heus or assigns, and
hereby,
me
for
myself
me
and my heirs and assigns, covenant with the grantee and his hens, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
purchasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale
And it is Agreed that the grantée
01
covenant
hus
shall
my
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or person's in their behalf, may purchase
at any
sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
heirs and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted piemises and
receive the rents and profits thereof.
And to the consideration aforesaid
and
my
I, Palmira Newell wife of said William A. Newell
and
his
do hereby release unto the said grantee
In Witness Whereal, We
hereunto set
our
eight hundied and ninety-
eight
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
the said
hand and seals this
Theodore J. Dwight by Wan
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Stampden
SS.
December 20 1898,
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
hers and assigns all night of or to both power and HOMESTEAD in the granted premises.
William, a Newell and Palmira Newell
Twentieth
day of December in the year one thousand
William A. Newell
Palmira Newell
Then personally appeared the above-named
free act and deed, before me-
his
Received
Jany. 23"
1899
and registered from the ongmal
Attest
Seal
• Seal
8
William A Newell
"Theodore F. Dwight
James R. Wells
Justice of the Peace.
20
Register