166
Fee Discharge, Of 906 & 371
Stamps 50¢ + c
Know all Men by these Presents, that I
.
Edmund D De Witt, of Springfield in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts
In consideration of eighteen hundred dollars
paid by Celia B. Tumball, of South Deerfield in said Commonwealth
Celia B. Kimball
the receipt whereof is here, do hereby give, giant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
said
·
a certain tract of land with the buildings thereon situate on the southerly side of East
Worthington Street in said Springfield bounded" I described as follows, to urt. beginning
on the southerly side of East Worthington Street at the westerly corner of land now or formaly
of Henry Grebenstein and running thence southeasterly on land now or formerly of said Greben-
stein twelve (12) rodo fourteen and one half (142) feet to land lately of J.M Brown, thence southwesterly on land
lately of said Brown four (4) rodo % more to land of S.J. Powers, thence morthwesterly on said Power's land eighteen y
-half (18' 32) feet, thence southwesterly on said Powers land eight (8) feet. thence morthwesterly on land of the City of Spring.
field four gone half (1's) rods to land now ov
formerly of W B. Smith: thence northeasterly on land now or • formerly of.
said Smith twenty five (25) feet thence northwesterly on land now or!
or formerly of said Smith seven (7) rods four" one half (442)
feet to sard street, thance northeasterly on said street three (3/rods to the place of beginning Being the same premises conveyed to
me by John M. Warriner by deed dated October 10% 1870 recorded in the Registry of Deeds for Narupden County on Book 276 Page
324 the same dinherited from my mother the late Pamelia De Witt
one
135
To Have and to Hold the
Celia B. The granted p
premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
and her heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever
And Thereby for myself Iam and my heirs, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the grantee
heirs and assigns that
Jami
•
and her
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbiances
will and my heirs, executois, and administi atois,
hens and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
g
that
have good right to sell and convey the same as aforesaid; and that
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee
and her
д
J
:
or
'
Provided Nevertheless that if
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of
州
my heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
eighteen hundred dollars on demand
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of
four
or
her
per cent per annum, and until such payment shall
satisfactory to and
her
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid on assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby,
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fire in a sum not less than
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee and her executois, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
or them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
and, at least two days before the expuation of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to
of the one so expuing; and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted piemises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,―then
whereby
this deed, as also
note of even date herewith signed by
giantee or order the said principal sum and instal ments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void
all
له
me
01
Per
Spring field
promise to pay to the
executors, administrators, or
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
assigns may SELL the granted piemises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
improvements that be thereon, by public auction in said
first publishing a notice
field
forever bar me
may
or
Spring.
of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchaseis absolutely and in fee-simple; and such sale shall
and all persons claiming under me
fiom all night and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity. And
out of money ausing from such sale the giantee
her
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses incurred or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance oi
hens on assigns; and I
me
hereby,
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if to
any,
for myself
and my heirs and assigns, covenant with the giantee
and her
hen's, executois, administrators, and assigns that, in
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
purchasers a deed oi deeds of release confirming such sale
And it is Ngreed that the giantee
'
or
her
ΟΙ
my
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in their behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
heus and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
receive the rents and profits thereof.
and
my
And for the consideration aforesaid I Jenette S. De Witt wife of said Edmund D. De Witt
do hereby release unto the said grantee
In Witness Whereof,
hereunto set
our
eight hundied and ninety-
right.
Signed, sealed and delivered
in piesence of
and
her
чие
hens and assigns all night of or
ton
both DOWER and HOMESTEAD m the granted premises
the said Edmund D De Witt "d Jennette S. De Witt
hands and seal 5 this thirty first day of
If I Stebbins by ε. DD.
Harry M. Billings
Hampden
MASSACHUSETTS,
OF December 31st 1898..
SS
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Received
Jany 18"
December
Edmund D. De Witt
Jennette S. De Witt
Then personally appeared the above-named
free act and deed, before me-
1899 and registered from the original
Attest
in the year one thousand
0
Seal
૧
Seal
• Edmund D. De Witt,
Frederick H. Stebbins
James B. Wells
Justice of the Peace.
I
Register.