Stampes 75the
Know all Men by these Presents, that.
Hollis B De Witt of Granby, County of Hampshire, Commonwealch
of Massachusetts
in consideration of Jeventy two hundred dollars
paid by Mary
Commonweatch
Shawof Springfield, Hamfiden County in said
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
said Mary Show
A certain
55
1 Acknowledge Satisfaction and
hereby discharge this Mortgage.
Shouse
врачу
-Act-20-1905
mmonwealth wit&t Safford.
parcel of land with the buildings thereon, situate on the Southerly side
of Clyde Street are referesented by a filan of lots of "Clyde Farm" recorded in Hamfiden
County Registry of Deeds in book of filans No I feage seven (7) and said parcel
of land being lot numbered forty seven (47)an said filan and inbounded and de-
scribed as follows, to wet. Beginning at a point in the Southerly line of said
Clyde Street distant Westerly from Plainfield Street, two hundred three and too
(203 21/100) feet and running thence Southerly on lot No 46 on said plan about one hun-
dred and seven (107) feet to lot No. 37on said plan, thence Westerly on said lot no
37 fifty feet to lat No. 48 on said filan, thence northerly on lot no + 8 about one
hundred and seven feet to said Clyde Street; thence Easterly on said Streetfifty
(50) feet to the place of beginning.
Being
a part of premises conveyed to me by deed of Lowes & Rigale recorded
in said Registry Book 578 Page 310. This deed is made subject to the restric
tion mentioned in eard deed
To Have and to hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
and her
Mary.
سمور
And g hereby for myself
9
am
heirs and assigns, to then own use and behoof forever
and her
and my heirs, executors and administrators, cOVENANT with the giantee
heus and assigns that
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances
except and restriction referred to
and her
my
will and
heus, executors, and administrators,
hens and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
that g have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee
excepet raid re
Provided Nevertheless that if
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of
, or my heus, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
wenty two hundred
, or -
Per
nd
班
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of
عنده
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby,
per cent per annum, and until such payment shall
shall keep the buildings on said premises insued against fue in a sum not less than eventy two undred
dollais, for the benefit of the grantee and her executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expuation of any policy on said piemises, shall deliver to her or them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expuing, and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted piemises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,―then
this deed, as also my note of even date herewith signed by me
whereby
grantee or order the said principal sum and installments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void
› Or
her
promise to pay to the
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
executors, administrators, oi
assigns may SELL the granted piemises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said ring field
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
Spre
forever bar
out of money arising from such sale the grantee
oľ
me
field and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple; and such sale shall
me and all persons claiming under
fiom all right and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity. And
iepresentatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then on thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses incurred or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or
observance of the said condition, rendering the sui plus, if any, to me
01 my heus of assigns, and
hereby,
for myself
heirs and assigns, covenant with the grantee and her
hens, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
And it is Agreed that the grantee
and my
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
purchases a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale.
01
her
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in their behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
performance oi observance of the condition of this deed
hens and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
receive the rents and profits thereof
and
my
Ellen E De With wife of the said Halli's B. De Witt
And to the consideration aforesaid
and her
do hereby release unto the said giantee
heus and assigns all right of or to both DOWER and HOMESTEAD In the granted premises
In Witness Whereof, We the said Hollis B De Witt and Ellen E. De Witt
hands and seal this twenty sixth day of December
hereunto set
eight hundied and ninety-eight
our
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
Mary E. De Witt
FE. Carpenter to H.BD/Hallis B De Witt seal.
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Ellen & De With real:
in the
year one thousand
Hamfiden ss. December 27" 1898. Then personally appeared the above-named Hallis B. De Witt
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
fiee act and deed, before me-
6. Carpenter,
Justice of the Peace.
Received
Dec. 28,
1898 and registered from the original
Attest
B. Nello
Register