4.
stamps 50++c.
Know all Men by these Presents, That
Hattied, Carruth of Agawam, Hampden County, Massachusetts.
Four hundred
In consideration of
paid by
.Dollars
The Hartford and Connecticut Western Railroad Company.
a corporation established law and having a location insaid Country
duly
the receipt where of is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
said
The Hartford + Connecticut Western Railroad Company.
a certain strip of land in the Town of Agawam bounded and described as
follows: Northerly by land of M. Carroll and the highway, Southerly by laid of
J. J. Othick, Easterly and Westerly by land of grantor.
The Easterly line of land hereby conveyed is parallel to and fifty-three (53) feet
distant from the center line of the Springfield Branch of the Hartford and Connecticut
Western Railroad as showri on plan on file in the County Clerk's office, County of
Hampden, The Westerly
sixty-five and one-half (65) feet distant from said center line.
The Northerly and Southerly lines intersect said center line at stations 250-39
and 253-88 respectively. Said strip contains 91% 100 acres, more or less.
Reserving, however, to myself and my heirs and assigns a right of way across the
of land hereby conveyed at such portion thereof as may
agreed upon for the use of foot passengers, cattle and vehicles, said right
be mutually
of way to eb considered as a right affuurtenant to the land on either
side of the tract hereby
e of land hereby conveyed is parallel to and I of
tract
ing this deed
hereby
- agrees to allow said right of way you.
hereof by accept-
the land
To have and to hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging
The Hartford & Connecticut Western Railroad Company
to the said
its su
and
And
Я
covenant with the
heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever.
hereby for
grantmyself
and my
and its head assigns that Jam
heirs, executors and administrators,
successors.
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances, except
said restrictions
that
and
grantee
persons
of
r
сту
I
will
have good right to sell and convey the same as aforesaid; and that
heirs, executors and administrators shall warrant and defend the same to the
and it's successors heirs and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all
And for the consideration aforesaid
I. George L. Carruth, husband
Hattie S. Carruth do
Successore..
and assigns
hereby release unto the said grantee and its success all right of or to both
dower curtesy
and Homestead in the granted premises.
In witness where, we the sald Hattie S. Carruth and
George L. Carruth
hereunto set our hands and seals this
and Debruary
tenth
in the year one thousand eight hundred and ninety- mines
Signed, sealed and delivered in presence of
Albert R. Fuller
day of
Hattie S. Carruth &seal
Jessie A. Miller George & Carruth real
Commonwealth of Massachusetts.
Hampden ss. Febuary 28th 1899. Then personally appeared the above-name
Hattie S. Carruth and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be - fre.
act and deed, before me.
Albert R. Fuller.
Justice of the Peace.
Rec'd Feb. 28.1899 and Reg'd from the original
Attest
* Janu
B. Wells
Register