507 de
Know all Men by these Presents, thats
Austen
woh
A B 605. Pay NLS
249
425
1 Acknowinder Sosfaction and
assett of Springfield, Hampden County, Massachushereby discharge this Mortgage
in consideration of two thousand (2000.) dollars
paid by Jay W. nickels of said Spiring field
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, giant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
said Nickels
Jay W. nickels....
nov. 21
1899
Witure
Fm. Zauner.
that certain tract of land with the buildings thereon ritrate in said Springfield
on the westerly side of Hall streeted northerly side of Harvard street, bounded as
follows, viz - Beginning at the corner of said streets on the northerly side of Harvard
street the westerly side of Hale street and running thence northerly by Hale
street one hundred twenty five #02 20(125+7) feet, thence westerly, parallel with
Harvard street, sixty (60) feet; thence southerly in a line fearallel with Hale
street, one hundred twenty five doll 25.47) feet to Harvard street, and thence
easterly by Harvard street sixty (60) feet to the filace of beginning.
Being the same property described in the deed to me from Marshall m
Richards, Guardian, recorded with Hampiden county deeds, book +77,
page 19, red from said Richards, recorded in said registry in book 4-16,
page 4729d subject to the restrictions referred to in said deeds
To Have and to hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
Nickels
And
hens and
hereby for myself
g
assigns that
excefet re
Jam
and heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever
his
and my heirs, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the granted and
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbiances
tructions herein referred to
that 9 have good right to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee
except as to
ܡܥ and
said restrictions
Provided Nevertheless that if g
executois, administrators or assigns the sum of.
in
will and
my
hens, executors, and administrators,
hens and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
or my heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
two thousand (2000) d
and
, or
his
us on
yours from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of five
per cent per annum, and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted piemises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured heieby;
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against five in a sum not less than two thous
2000
dollars, for the benefit of the giantee and his executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expiation of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to him on them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expuing, and shall not commit oi suffer any strip or waste of the gianted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained, then
this deed, as also ne note of even date herewith signed by me
whereby
promise to pay to the
grantee
or order the said pincipal sum and instalments of interest at the time aforesaid shall be void
'
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee 01 hes executors, administrators, 01
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage m case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said Sfire freed.
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
дня field and may convey the same by proper deed of deeds to the purchaser or purchaseis absolutely and in fee-simple, and such sale shall
folèvel bai
me and all persons claiming under me from all light and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity And
out of money anising from such sale the giantee
or his
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
me
01 my
-
hens or assigns, and ร
then on thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses incuied on sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to
hereby,
for
and my
and
heirs and assigns, covenant with the grantee
myself
hens, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
purchases a deed oi deeds of release confirming such sale.
And it is Ngreed that the grantee
, or his
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
receive the ients and profits thereof
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in the behalf, may purchase
shall be auswerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
and my hens and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
And for the consideration aforesaid I, Emma A Bassett, wife of said Austin P Bassett
do hereby release unto the said grantee and his
In Witness Whereoſ,
hereunto set
Our
eight hundred and ninety-nine
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
heirs and assigns all right of or to both DOWER and HOMESTEAD in the granted premises
the said Austin P Bassettiered Emma A. Bassett
day of February
e
hands and seals this
Dexter & Tilley to both
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Hamfidenss February 3,
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Received
Feb 3
third
Austin P. Bassett aseal
Emma A. Bassett seal.
1899
in the year one thousand
Then personally appealed the above-named Sustin P. Bassett
his
free act and deed, before me-
Dexter 6. Tilley, Notary Public
1899 and registered from the original
Attest
R. Wells
-
Justice of the Pence
1
Register.