8
00.
ཞི་མིས་ཤིག་% RE
Berg discharge this wortgags,
N.M. M. Freq!
Nov 29-98.
and
Witness R. Martensen.
John
Know all Men by These Presents, That I
F. Loftris of Palmer
In the County of Hampden.
IN CONSIDERATION OF JAnd Commonwealth of Massachusetts.
ee Hundred
Palmer Savings Bank
Dollars, paid by the
having its usual place of business in Palmer
Beginning
on the Easterly
.
duly
a corporation established by law-in
in the County of Hampden and Commonwealth of Massachusetts, the receipt whereof
is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, bargain, sell, and convey unto the said Palmer
Savings Bank, and its successors and assigns forever, the following described Real Estate, to wit:-
certain parcel of land, with the buildings thereon and all the rights, privileges, and
appurtenances thereunto appertaining or belonging, lying in
in said County of Hampden
Palmex
and bounded and described as follows, to wit:—
Easterly side of Commercial street
in the village of
Thorndike
at land of Kate Clifford formerly Kate O'Connor.. Thence Northerly
to land of Angie C... Adams, Thence, Easterly
on
on said street
land of said Adams to land
of George Moores. Thence Southerly by land of said Moores and land of the Ware
River Railroad Company
Company to land of Lawton and Metcalf, thence. Westerly
of
Lawton and Metcalf to land of said Clifford, Thence Northerly and
on said land
Westerly
On
land
draw
of said Clifford to place of beginning. This mortgage is subject to the rights of said Clifford to decur
on
the premises.
Being
the same premises conveyed
to me
by Ellen F. Browne
water from the well
by deed dated January 10th 1887 and recorded with Hampden County Registry of Deeds, Book 430
To have and to hold the above granted promiges to the said
Bank
for
my
and
Page 55.
all
its successors and assigns to their use and behoof forever.
the mid Grantor hereof I am surefully signed in fed shape of the aforested presiser; that
self my heirs, executors, and administrators, do covenant
with the Grantee hereof, its successors and assigns, that
brances;
that
have a good right to sell and convey the same to said Grantee, its successors
and assigns forever, as aforesaid ; and that
will and my heirs, executors, and administrators shall WARRANT and DEFEND the same to the said Grantee, its
successors and assigns forever, against the lawful claims and demands of all persons.
the said Grantor
I
Provided, Nevertheless, that if
administrators, or assigns, shall pay unto the said Grantee, at its banking house, or to its order, the sum of.
Dollars,
first days of
hereafter levied
* June
and December
Three. Hundred or my heirs, executors,
"on demand, with interest, at the rate of 5-2 per centum per annum, payable semi-annually on the
in each year, and, during the continuance of this mortgage, punctually pay all taxes and assessments, now or
assessed on said premises, or on said Grantee or its successors. or assigns by reason hereof, and keep all buildings, now or hereafter standing on said
premises, insured against fire, satisfactorily to and for the benefit of said Grantee and its successors. and assigns, or, in default of such payment of taxes and assessments or
of effecting such insurance, shall, on demand, pay to said Grantee or its successors or assigns all such sums as it or they shall pay therefor, with interest, and shall not
commit or suffer any strip or waste of the said premises; then this deed, as also a promis note of even date herewith signed by me, the said
whereby
"Three Hundred
Grantor
promise to pay to the said Grantee or order, the sum of
Dollars, and interest at the times and places aforesaid, shall be void, otherwise in full force.
But if Default shall be made in the performance of the foregoing condition or covenants, or any part thereof, then the said Grantee or its successors or assigns may
sell the aforegranted promises, or such portion or portions thereof as may remain subject hereto (in case of any partial release hereof), either as a whole or in separate parcels,
and at one time or at different times, as it or they may elect, with all the improvements that may be thereon, at public auction, in said
Palmer
it or they first publishing notice of such sale and of the time and place thereof, once a week for three successive weeks in some newspaper published in the place wherein
said premises are situated, if there be any such newspaper there published, if not, then in any newspaper published in the County where said promises are situated, the first
publication of such notice to be not less than twenty-one days before the day of sale;
the said Grantor and in
its or their own name
те
"
And either during the life or after the doath of
my
or names; or as attorney of me the said Grantor for that purpose hereby duly authorized and appointed, or otherwise, may convey the premises so sold, absolutely
and in fee simple, to the purchaser or purchasers accordingly; and, out of the proceeds of such sale, may retain all sums then hereby secured (whether then or thereafter
payable) and the amount of all costs, charges, and expenses incurred or sustained by it or them in making such sale or by reason of any such default, with interest upon all
such sums, or amounts, rendering the surplus, if any, of such proceeds to one the said
grantor
heirs or
my
assigns, on demand, and such sale shall forever bar me, and all persons claiming under me from all right and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in
equity, and I do further covenant with the said Grantee and its successors and assigns for
hoirs, executors, and administrators, that I
or
or
"They dits, upon request, conern by proper deed of release myself foreclosure made or effected a my
any
And it is agreed that the said Grantee or its successors or assigns, or any person or persons in its or their behalf, may purchase at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no
other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money therefor.
And, for the consideration aforesaid, I, Hannah Loftus wife of said John
Grantee and its successors and assigns all right of or to both dower
F
do hereby release unto the said
and homestead in the aforegranted premises and in the proceeds thereof,
in case of sale hereunder, and agree to join in any deed of confirmation of any sale or foreclosure made or effected as aforesaid.
In Witness Whereof,
have
We the said
hereunto set our hands and seals
year of our Lord eighteen hundred and ninety-six.
Signed, sealed, and delivered in presence of
Charles G. Gardner.
this
John F. Loftus and Hannah
twelfth
day of
Seal.
John F. Loftus
Hannah Loftus +Seal.
August 12th.
Commonwealth of Massachusetts, HAMPDEN, SS.
John F. Loftus.
before me,
Received
Aug. 14th
the within named Grantor
Loftus
August
A. D. 1896
in the
Then personally appeared
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be his free act and deed;
Charles G. Gardners
ما
1896 and Registered from the original. Attest, ….……...
Janne
R
Wells
„Justice of the Peace.
...Register,