244
Stamp
s.
Know all Men by these Presents, that >.
Bessie & Worthen of Springfield, Hampden County, Massachusetts
in consideration of cherty-one hundred red fifty dollars
paid by Phil H. Patter of said Springfield
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, giant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
said
دستت
twenty-five (25) láts or parcels of land. described as follows.
Being lots numbered one (1), five (5), eleven (11), thirteen (13), fourteen (1,+), fifteen
(15), sixteen (16), seventeen (17), eighteen (18), nineteen (19), twenty (20), twenty-
one (21), twenty-two (22.), twenty-four (24), twenty-six (26), twenty-seven (27),
twenty-eight (28), twenty-nine (29), thirty (30), thirty-one (31), thirty-two (32),
thirty-three (33), thirty-four (34), thirty-five (35), thirty-sex (36), on a falan
of lots of Potters Warner, recorded in Hampiden Qunty Registry of Deeds, book
559, trage602. Subject to a first mortgage to we. Callino ufion which forty-
seven hundred fifty (4750) dollars is unpaid Also subject to a second mont.
hundred 12 100 dollars.
$
1 Rood for twenty.
and his heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever
9age To Have and to Hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
Philife H.
other
And
hereby for myself
heirs and assigns that Jam
except said mortgages
that
So
and my hens, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the grantee
and his
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances
will and my
1
have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that
hens, executors, and administrators,
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee and s heirs and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
except as to aforesaid mortgages
Provided Nevertheless that if
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of
H
g
or my heirs, executo18, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee , OF hers
ityone he ndred fifty dollars payable on demand
jaise
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the late of
per cent per annum, and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby,
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against file in a sum not less than satisfactorily to and
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee and executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall appiove,
and, at least two days before the expiration of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to him or them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expuing; and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,―then
this deed, as also
note of even date herewith signed by me
whereby
giantee 01 order the said principal sum and installments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void
one
"
promise to pay to the
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee or his executois, administrators, or
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said Springfield
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
Springfield
and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple, and such sale shall
forever bar
and all persons claiming under me from all right and interest m the granted premises, whether at law or in equity And
is
out of money anising from such sale the giantee 01
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then on thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses incurred on sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or
observance of the said condition, 1endering the surplus, if
g
and
any,
hereby,
for myself
hens and assigns, covenant with the grantee and his hers, executois, administrators, and assigns that, in
my
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
on they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchase or
purchasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale
and
And it is Agreed that the grantee
, or
his
to
me
01 my
heus of assigns,
chase
executors, administi atois, or assigns, or any person or persons in the behalf, may pur
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
hens and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted piemises and
receive the rents and profits thereof.
And for the consideration aforesaid
do hereby release unto the said grantee and
In Witness Whereof,
hereunto set
ту
eight hundred and ninety- mine
Signede sealed and delivered
in presence of
Geo Я Васот
g
the said
hand
and seal
and
my
hens and assigns all night of or to both DOWER and HOMESTEAD in the granted premises.
Bessie & Worthen fummarried)
this thirty-first day of January in the year one thousand
Bessie & Worthen seal
Bess 6. Worthen
Justice of the Peace
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Hamlodenss даплачу 31,
1899
Then personally appeared the above-named
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be her
free act and deed, before me―
Geo A. Bacon,
Received
Feb. 2,
1899 and registered from the original
Attest.
B. Wells
Register.
←