}
Stamp1.00 ac
Know all Men by these Presents, that
Joseph St. Martin of Holyoke. Hampden County ; State of Massachusetts
In consideration of One dollar's other valuable considerations
pard by Theophile St. Martin of said Holyoke, Mathilda St Martin Also of said Holyoke
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
said Theophile St. Martin & Mathilda St. Martin
or Common
201
change
for Wii
Su B with big Page 366
A certain lot of land situated in said "Holyoke bounded described as follows, namely: Beginning at
the point of intersection of the Northerly side of Hamilton Street with the Westerly side of Park Streetly
running thence northeasterly on said Park Street thirty five (85) feet, thence Northwesterly "fat a
right angle with said Park Street one hundred eight feet (108) to the center line of an alley
passageway, which passageway
which passageway is sixteen (16) feet wide, running from said
Hamilton street to Cabot street; thence Southwesterly on said center line of said alleyed parallel with
said Park street thirty five (35) feet to said Hamilton street: thence southeasterly along the northerly
line of said Hamilton Street, one hundred eight (108) feet to the place of begunning. Containing three thousand seven
dred eighty (3780) square feet, a
, more or less" being the same premises conveyed to me by the grantees herein by deed dated August
21, 1893 recorded in Hampden County Requitry of Deeds Book 50%. Page 378. Subject to the rights reserved by the Holyoke Water Power Company in the above mentioned ally.
To Have and to Hold the granted pemises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said Theophile. St Martin
and mathilda St. Martin
heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever during the term of their natural lives
and my heus, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the grantee's and then
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are fiee from all incumbrances
And
hereby for myself
hens and assigns that
that
and
have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid; and that
I seven hun-
will and my heus, executors, and administrators,
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantees and their hens and assigns for ever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
Provided Nevertheless that if
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of
, or my
heirs, executors, administrators or
shall
assigns,
pay unto the
grantee - 01
'
for andduring the term of thirty dollars at the end of every month to each of the grantes
years from this date, with interest semi annually at the rate of
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted piemises or on any interest there or on the debt secured hereby,
per cent, per annum, and until such payment shall
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fire in a sum not less than
dollars, for the benefit of the grantees and their executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
satisfactory to the grantees
and, at least two days before the expiration of any policy on said piemises, shall deliver to
of the one so expuing; and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,―then
them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
this deed, as also
note of oven date herewith signed by
whereby
grantee or order the said principal sum and installments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void.
me
.
01
"
their
promise to pay to the
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
executois, administrators, or
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
Holyoke
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
Holyoke
and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple; and such sale shall
forever bai
and all persons claiming under me fiom all night and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity
out of money arising from such sale the grantees or
their
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then on thereafter payable, including all costs, changes, and expenses incurred or sustamed by them by reason of any default in the performance oi
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to
for myself
01 my hell's or assigns, and I hereby,
nt with the grantee and their heirs, executois, administrators, and assigns that, in
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power, covenant on they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
and my
heirs and
assigns,
purchases a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale.
And it is Ngreed that the grantees, 01 their
me
And
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in then behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
heirs and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
receive the ients and profits thereof.
And for the consideration aforesaid
and
-Aglace St Martin wife of said Joseph
do hereby release unto the said grantees and
In Witness Whereof, We
hereunto set
our
eight hundred and ninety- mine
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
their
the said
hand and seal $ this
J. F. Stapleton Jr. to J. St M.
and to mark of Agaloe St Martin
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Hampden
SS
heus and assigns all night of or to both DOWER and HOMESTEAD in the granted premises.
Springfield January 1, 1899 There
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Received
Jany 25.
Joseph St Martind Aglee St Martin
seventh
day of January
дайшаў
Joseph St Martin
Aglace Per St Martin
marke
Then personally appeared the above-named
free act and deed, before me—
1899 and registered from the original
Attest⚫
in the year one thousand
Seal.
Seal
Joseph St Martin
John F. Stapleton Jr.
tumes R. Wells
Justice of the Peace
Register