i
4
í
:
:
i
Stamp: 2.00.c
See
Know all Men by these Presents, that Assignments 15%
9.
88625 & 416,3.663P379
Eva M. Rice of Springfield, Hampden County. Massachusetts For Partial Release
111
consideration
of
Fwe thousand dollars
paid by John Cohn of said Springfield
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, giant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
said
John Cohm
1
see Book 643 Page 118
Fl
แ 111383
Acknowledge Satisfaction and
hereby discharge this Mortgage.
alfred
4, witness of..
a certain tract of land situate on the southwesterly side of March 1908 with gordan
Springfield 44 bounded" described as follows. Beginning at the intersection of the
southwesterly line of white street with the northerly line of Dawson avenue" frunning
thence Northwesterly by said White street Two hundred forty (240) feet to land mort-
gaged by said Cohn to The Trustees of The James W. Hale Fund by mortgage deed re-
corded with Hampden Deeds Book 573 Page 481. thence southwesterly at right angles to xid
southwesterly line of White street about one hundred "a fifty
hundred "a fifty (150) feet to land now or lately of
one French: thevice Southerly by said land of French about Three hundred twelve (312) feet to the northerly
line of Dawson Avenue extended by thence northeasterly by said northerly line of Dawson avenue about Three hum
dred fifty (350) feet to the place of beginning : together with all my rights in to any of the streets adjoining to or connected with and treet
I hereby conveyed: Being part of the same premises conveyed to me this day by deed of said Cohn to be recorded with Hampden Beads
of land here have
давит
in Cohn
e any to hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
and his heirs and assigns, to then own use and behoof forever
my heus, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the giantee
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the
that
And I hereby for
assigns that
heirs and
except any rig
that
"I myself
and
and
his
hts to lay maintain or repair pipes munitioned, but they are fige figm fail moumbrances.
have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee and his
except as aforesaid
Provided Nevertheless that if
I
or
10t
Cohnto me
Pris
will and my hens, executors, and administrators,
heirs and, assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
my heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the giantee
on January 1othed July 1 ot of each year (the first payment of interest to be on the 1st day of July 1899) at the rate of 4 per
Five th
pand dollars in six years from date with interest semiannually
anhum for the first two
e first wo years h muestra mually at the into of
and rate of five per
centur thereafter
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of
'
, Or
approve,
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby;
per cent per annum; and until such payment shall
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fire in a sum not less than
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee
satisfactory to and
and his
executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall
and, at least two days before the expuation of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to 01 them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expuing, and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained, then
this deed, as also one note of even date herewith signed by met George W. Rice whereby
giantee or order the said principal sum and installments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void
чие
or
Pris
'
promise to pay to the
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
executors, administrators, or
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
Spring field
forever bai me
and
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said Spring.
fuld
may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple; and such sale shall
and all persons claiming under
from all night and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity And
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses incurred on sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to
out of money arising from such sale the giantee
for
myself and my
me
or
his
me
01
my
heus on assigns, and
heus and assigns, covenant with the grantee
hereby,
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
and his
hens, executois, administrators, and assigns that, in
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
covenant
Pris
purchasers a deed oi deeds of release confirming such sale.
And it is Agreed that the giantee
ΟΙ
'
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in then behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchase, shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money; and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
receive the rents and profits thereof
And for the consideration aforesaid
and
do hereby release unto the said grantee
In Witness Whereof,
our
hereunto set
eight hundied and ninety- mine
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
Ralph W. Ellis
and
my
heirs and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
I. George W. Rice husband of the said Eva M. Rice
Pris
чие the said
hand S and seals this
by both
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSEITS,
Hamfoden ss January 14th
SS
Дамиануне
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
189
09
curtesy & all other rights
heirs and assigns all night of or to both b and HOMES DEAD in the granted premises
Eva M. Rice 24 George W. Rice
fourteenth
day of
January
Елат. Pacе
Geo W Rice
Then personally appeared the above-named
her
free act and deed, before me-
in the year one thousand
• Seal
50
Seal
Eva M Rice
Ralph W. Ellis
Received
Jany, 16+
1899
and registered from the original
Date:
Attest.
B. Wells
Justice of the Peace.
Register