Know all Men by these Presents, that &
Daniel H Sullivan Administrator de bonis mon
of the Estate of Ellen E. Sullivan
by virtue of a license granted January 6th 1899 by the Probate Court for the County of Hampden
in consideration of
I wo Hundred
-
pant by Grace W. Bosworth of Spring field in said County
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
Grace W Bosworth
said
199
The birth bl1 Page 298
· Anigumut
in Muthbll Page
613 "
516
For Sale & affidarent
Book 667 Pages 1819 182
a tract of land with the buildings there on situate in West Springfield & bounded and
described as follows viz: Bounded Northerly by lands of Frank J. Hendrick "44 of
d of one
Duchacek, Easterly by the Connecticut River, Southerly by lands of Charles H. Tmight
and Harvey Goodwin" Westerly by Barrett Avenue.
One half thereof being the
same
property conveyed to Ellen E. Sullivan by Susan
Shepard Trustee recorded with Hampden Deeds Booker 168 Page 129% the other half deeded.
to John H. Sullivan recorded Book 313 Page 422
To Have and to hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances theicto belonging, to the said
And Grace W. Bosworth
heirs and assigns that a
and her heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof- forever
and my hens, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the giantee
successors
and
her
authorized to make this mortgaged that in every thing for the evented in spaces that those four true for otheque finemes
that
ཙྪིཝིདྷནིས ས ས ས ས ས ས ཏ དྷསཙྪ།
concerning the have observed
hours, excentore, and administrators,
heus and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons.
in relation there to
have good right to sell and convey the same as aforesaid; and that
DEFEND the same to the grantee and
I
Provided Nevertheless that if
executois, administrators or assigns the sum of
in
or'
uccessors
will and
my, heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
Two Hundred Dollars on demand
five
and
or
her
'
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the late of
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid on assessed, whether on the gianted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby;
per cent. per annum, and until such payment shall
shall keep the buildings on said piemises insured against fue in a sum not less than -satisfactory to
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee and new executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expiation of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to Per
of the one so expiring; and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of
oi them a new and sufhcient policy to take the place
this deed, as also
covenant herein contained, then
note of even date herewith signed by
whereby
giantee
or order the said principal sum and installments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void
ang
her
01
'
promise to pay to the
executors, administrators, or
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
assigns may SELL the granted piemises, oi such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
West
bring field
or
me
her
And
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in sonie one newspaper published in said County
and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchase or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple, and such sale shall
forever bai Me
and all persons claiming under
from all night and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity
out of money arising from such sale the grantee
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then on thereafter payable, including all costs, changes, and expenses incurred or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance of
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to
hereby,
hens, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser 01
for myself
successors
me
and my
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
hells and assigns, covenant with the grantee and
purchasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale
her
, or
essors
her
m
01 my heirs or assigns, and
And it is Agreed that the grantee
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in their behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
hens and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted piemises and
receive the rents and profits thereof.
and
And for the consideration aforesaid
!
do hereby release unto the said grantee and
In Witness Whereof,
Ꮽ
hous and
ight of or to both noWER and HOMESTEAD in the granted premises.
the said Daniel H. Sullivan Administrator de bonis now
this twenty fifth
hereunto set
my
hand and seal
nine
eight hundred and ninety-nine
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
Charles W. Bosworth
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Hampden ss.
day of
dministrat
Daniel H. Sullivan
in the year one thousand
ར
& Seal
Administrator
Then personally appeated the above-named Daniel H. Sullivan Administrator
"January 25th 189 his
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Received
Jany
25°
1899
free act and deed, before me-
and registered from the original
Attest
Charles W Bosworth
Main Janes
B. Wells
Justice of the Peace.
Register