Stamp 254.
-
183
For Partial Release See.
Know all Men by these Presents, that 9. Book 599 Page 407
Catherine E. Bateman of Springfield, Hampden County, Massachusetts / Acknowledge Satisfaction and
in consideration of Fifteen hundred Dollars.
paid by Timothy M. Granger of said Springfield
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
Granger
said
hereby discharge this Mortgage
mengen
Ognly 1,895
a certain tract of land situate in said Springfield bounded? described as follows:
Beginning at a
point
on White Street south 34° 29' East 289 feet from the intersection
of ward White Street with Allen Street, thence morth 50° 15' East 88 3% 100 feet to said
Allen Street, thence southerly along said Allen Street 51° 53' East 51 1/100
'|
feet. thence south
,50° 15' West 10373/100 feet to said White Street: thence along said White Street North 34° 29' West
502½ 100 feet to the place of beginning. containing & 550 square feet" being the premises"
• this day con-
veyed to me by Alice A. Taylor by deed to be recorded with the deeds for said County of Hampden"
is subject to a
• to a mortgage to the Ware Savings Bank to secure the num
of $1500% interest
To Have and to hold the granted piemises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
his heirs and assigns, to then own use and behoof forever
And I Granger
hereby for
hens and assigns that
excepting as
I myself
aforesaid
and
and my heirs, executors and administrators, cOVENANT with the giantee
and his
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances
will and my heirs, executors, and administrators,
heus and assigns for ever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
that I have good light to sell and convey the same as aforesaid;
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the
and
grantee
excepting as aforesaid
Provided Nevertheless that if I
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of
+-
his
or my
and that I
heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the giantee
or
his
of two per cent per month Fifteen hundred Dollars on demand with interest at the rate
fenis from this date, with interest semi-annually at the sate of
per cent, per annum, and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby,
shall keep the buildings on said piemises insured against fire in a sum not less than the fair value thereof
dollars, for the benefit of the giantee and his
executors, administrators and assigns on such to
such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expnation of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to
oi them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expuing, and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,—then
this deed, as also -my note of even date herewith signed by me
giantee
or order the said principal sum and instal ments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void
whereby
, or
his
promise to pay to the
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
executois, administrators, oi
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
Springfield
Pre orthey
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said Spring-
field
me
ΟΙ
and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple, and such sale shall
folevel bai
and all persons claiming under me from all night and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity And
out of money arising from such sale the grantee his
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then on thereafter payable, including all costs, changes, and expenses incurred on sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance oi
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to
for myself
me
and my heirs and assigns, covenant with the giantee
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
purchasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale
And it is Agreed that the giantee
, 01
منهم
or
my
hens or assigns, and
hereby,
and his
hens, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
executois, administrators, oi assigns, or any person or persons in then behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchase shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money; and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
heirs and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
receive the rents and profits thereof
And for the consideration aforesaid
do hereby release unto the said grantee
In Witness Whereol,
hereunto set our
eight hundred and nmety- mune
Signed, sealed and delivered
in of
and
my
I. David of Bateman husband of said Catherine E. Bateman
and
Pris
чие
whatsoever
hens and assigns all rights of or to both Down
the said Catherine E, Bateman and David J. Bateman
hand and seals this twentieth
Charles G. Gardner to both
words a part of " first stricken out
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Hampden ss.
January
Дочь
1899
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Received
Jany
20"
day of
January
A in the granted premises
་
in the year one thousand
a
Seal
8
Sealin
Catherine E. Bateman
David J. Bateman
Then personally appeared the above-named Catherine E. Bateman
her
free act and deed, before me-
1899 and registered from the original
Attest
Charles G. Gardner
B. Wells
Justice of the Peace
་
Register