6
Chloe Ely
Jo
C. A. Corser de.
the said Corser and Arthur all the right, title, and interest
which I acquired under the aforesaid mortgage in or to that.
•portion of the premises therein
which is described as.
follows, namely:
conveyed,
Beginning at the point of intersection of the easterly side.
of Springfield Street with the northerly side of Pettiah
•Street and thence running northerly on said Springfield
•Street fifty (50) feet, thence easterly and parallel with said
Peltiah. Street one hundred and fifty (150) feet; thence south.
erly at a right angle to the last described line fifty (50) feet
to said Peltiah Street; thence westerly
on said Peltiah
Street one hundred and fifty (150) feet to the place of begin
ming, being lot numbered 125 on a
plan of lots of said Corser
and Arthur called Ingleside Terrace.
To Have and to Hold the same to the said Corser and Arthur.
own use and behoof
and their heirs and assigns, to their
forever.
But this release shall not in any way affect or impair
my right to hold under the said mortgage and as security.
for the sum remaining due thereon, or to sell under the power,
of sale in said mortgage contained, all the remainder of the
premises
therein
conveyed and not hereby released.
In Witness Whereof I hereunto set
second day of November A.D. 1898.
and
Signed & Sealed in presence
presence of?
Geo. H. Allyn.
my
hand and seal this:
Chloe Ely Heal.
Commonwealth of Massachusetts.
• Hampden es. November 2nd. 1898. Then personally appeared
the above named Chloe Ely
and acknowledged the foregoing metru.
•ment to be her free act and deed, before
me,
George H. Allyn, Justice of the Peace.
Rec'd Nov. 10, 1898 and Regid from the original.
James R. Neces
Attest
Jus
Register.
Know all Men by these Presents, That I: Chloe Ely the
grantee named in a certain mortgage given by C. A. Corser
and B. F. Arthur to me dated March 18th A.D. 1893, and
recorded with Hampden County Mass. Registry of Deeds.
libro 499 folio. 251, in consideration of one dollar paid by
the said Corser and Arthur the receipt whereof is hereby.
acknowledged, do hereby remise, release and forever quit claim