202
For Entry, Sale & affidavit
see
Hnow all Men by these Presents, that 9.
are Book bby Pages 104,1054104 William H. Johnson of Springfield. Hempden County, Commonwealth of
Massachusetts
in consideration of One Hundred Dollars
paid by Timothy M Granger of said Springfield in said County
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, giant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
Timothy M Granger
A certain tract or lot of land situated in the town of Longmeadow in șaid County bounded"
described as follows; to wit: Reginning on the Northerly side of Branch street so called at a point distant
two hundred sixty four (264) feet easterly from the intersection of the northerly side of said Branch Street
with the easterly side of Fairview street so called" /running thence Northerly at night angles with said Branch
Street. One Hundred thirty two (132) feet, thence Easterly at right angles sixtysix (66) feet; thence Southerly
at right angles one hundred thirty two (132) feet to the Northerly side of Branch Street. thence Westerly
on said Branch street, sixty six (66) feet to the place of beginning.
Being lot numbered one hundred twenty two (122) as shown on plan of lots recorded
in Hampden County Registry of Deeds, in Book one of Plans, Page 68: Being the same premisses
conveyed to me by Emily W Smith by deed, dated Jan 210+ 1899, to be recorded in said Registry of Deads
Subject to certain restrictions named in said Deed to which deed & plan, reference may be made
To have and to hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
Timothy M. Granger
myself
And hereby for
heirs and assigns that
except said restrictions.
есерт
that
and
Pushens and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever
his
and my heirs, executors and administrators, cOVENANT with the grantee and rumblances
will and
my hens, executors, and administrators,
heus and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons.
have good right to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee and his
except said restrictions
Provided Nevertheless that if
executors administrators or assigns the sum of
I
, or
my heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
Hundred Dollars
Оте
date herewith, signed by me
册一
years from this date, with interest semi annually at the rate of
on
, or his
demand as stated in a note of even
per cent, per annum, and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therem, oi on the debt secured hereby;
shall keep the buildings on said promises moured against fire ma sum not less than
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee and
excenters, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
or them a new and suficient policy to take the place
and, at least two days before the expiration of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to
of the one so expiring, and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,—then
this deed, as also said note of even date herewith signed by
whereby
grantee or older the said principal sum and instal ments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void.
me
or'
Pres
'
promise to pay to the
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
executors, administrators, or
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
improvements that: may be thereon, by public auction in said
all
me
and all persons claiming under
me
منه
Longmeadow or said Springfield
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in sald
Springfield and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple; and such sale shall
forever bai
And
from all night and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity
out of money ausing from such sale the grantee 01
iepresentatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses incunied or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to
or my heus of assigns, and
hereby,
and
for myself
heirs, executois, administiatois, and assigns that, in
heirs and assigns, govenant with the grantee
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
on they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
purchasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale..
and my
And it is agreed that the grantee
or
'
ne
i
his
me
his
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in then behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
I
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
receive the rents and profits thereof
And for the consideration aforesaid
do hereby release unto the said giantee
In Witness Whereof,
hereunto set
our.
and my heirs and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
I. Charlotte A Johnson wife of the said William 31 Johnson
and his
We
eight hundred and ninety- mune.
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
and assigns all night of or to both,
and HOMESTEAD in the granted premises
hand and seal $ this the 21st Tomson Charlatte a. Johne in the year one thousand
The
Wallace M Burt (to WW. J.)
Annie E Emerson
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS, t
Stampden
Jan
24"
SS
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Received
1899
ho
day of
William x W Johnson
mark
Charlotte A hver
marke
Then personally appeared the above-named
,fiee act and deed, before me-
Pris
Jany 25" 1899 and registered from the original
Attest
Johnson
• Seal
• Seal
William H. Johnson
Wallace M. Burt
Тем
James R. Mell
Notary Public
Justice of the Peace.
Register.
ļ