stampe #3.00&c.
Know all Men by these Presents, That
Dessie C. Worthen of Springfield in the County of Hampden and State
of Massachus the ion of One dollar and other valuable considerations
coin
paid by
Alvah Eldridge of Cobrain in the County of Franklin and
Commonwealth of Masschusetts.
the receipt whereof is hereby Deknowledged, do hereby give, grant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
said
Alvah Eldridge,
a certain lot of land with the buildings thereon, situate in said Spring-
field, and bounded as follows;). Beginning at the intersection of the West-
erly line of Northampton Avenue with the northerly line of deverly street
and running thence northerly on Northampton Avenue sixty-four and
3% 20 (64.23) feet; thence Westerly at right angles with Northampton Avenue
ninity nine and 9% (99.99) feet to land now or •formerly of one, Wood;
thence Southerly our land of said Wood and land of Leonard seventy seven
and %0 (7223) feet to Beverly street, thence Easterly on Beverly street one-hun-
dred and 20% (0.23) feet to place of beginning.
23/100
28/100
Subject to all the restrictions named in a deed from Dodge, and Green
to Phillip H. Potter, Trustee, recorded, in Hampden County Registry of Deeds,
book 558, page 425, and to a mortgage of $2000 to the Springfield dive Cents
Savings Bank... Being the same premises conveyed to me by Charles D. Rood,
by deed dated July 5th, 1898 and recorded in Hampden County Registry of
Deeds, book 58.3. page 324 to which reference may be had.
To have and to hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging
to the said
and
and alvah Eldridge
•
And his
I
heirs and assigns to their own use and behoof forever.
hereby for myself
and my
and is heirs and assigns that Janu
covenant with the grantee
heirs, executors and administrators,
lawfully seized in fee-souple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances, excefit
mortgage of $2500. to the Springfield Five Cents Savings
Bank, which the grantee here in named assumes and
agrees to pay
and
grantee
persons
I
my
and.
have good right to sell and convey the same as aforesaid; and that
h
S
will
heirs, executors and administrators shall warrant and defend the same to the
heirs and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all
And far the consideration aforesaid
berchy-colease auto-to
dower
heirs and assigns all right of or to both
and homestead in the granted promises.
In witness whereof, I
hereunto set
and
hand
the said
and seal this
my Febuary
Bessie E. Worthen
twenty-eighth
in the year one thousand feight hundred and ninety-nine.
Signed, sealed anti-delivered in prosence of
Fred C. Murphy
Commonwealth of Massachusetts.
day of
Bessie E. Worthen seal
Hampdenes. Febuary 28th 1899. Then personally appeared the above-named
Bessie E. Worthen and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be her free act
and deed, before
Fred C. Murphy. Notary Public
me.
Rec'd March 1.1899 and Regid from the original
attest
даши
James 18. Wills
Register