A
ļ
!
1
1
Bnow all Men by these Presents, that
197
† Acknowledon Sausfaction uli.
herby discharge this Morga
George Hook & J. Ella Hook, husband & wife, of Springfield, Hampden County. Robot Mo
Massachusetts
in consideration of
0 Guit
Seven Hundred²y Fifty dollars paid by the Trustees of the James W. Sept 12.1900.
Hale Fund a corporation established under the faws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
said Corporation
Witness Ṛ Martusen
a certain lot of land with the buildings thereon situated in said Springfield & bounded as follows:
Beginning on the northerly side of Marble street at a point two hundred fifty (250) feet east-
erly of land formerly of Edwin Porter & running thence Northerly parallel with said Porters east-
erly line about one hundred if three (103) feet to land formerly of the hurs of Zelotes Sombard. thence
Easterly on said Lombard's heirs fifty (50) feet: thence Southerly in a line parallel with said
Porter's easterly line about one hundred and two (102) feet to Marble street; thence Westerly by Marble
street fifty (50) feet to the place of beginning: being lot numbered Jen (10) on the Plan made by
Wm F Butler of lots owned by Sally" Augusta C. Elliott on said Marble street. Being the same premises con-
veyed to Ella Hazard by deed dated August 19. 1870, recorded in Hampden County Registry of Deeds, book 21/14 page JH3,
said & Ella Hazard being now I Ella Hook wile of said George Hook
To Have and to hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances, thereto belonging, to the said Trustees of the
and
it's hems and assigns, to that own use and behoof for evei
and our hens, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the grantee
and its
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances
And we hereby for ourselves
hows and assigns that
чие аrе
that we have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee and its
, 01 Our
Provided Nevertheless that if we
чие
will and
མི
hers, executors, and administrators,
heirs and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall
unto the grantee
pay
or
'
its
excentors, administrators or assigns the sum of Seven hundred and fifty dollars with interest payable on the
first days of February 2nd August
4
pay
Rive
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of
per cent per annum, and until such payment shall
all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby,
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fire in a sum not less than
satisfactory.
To and
dollars, for the benefit of the giantee and its exccutors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expiration of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to the grantee or them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expiring, and shall not commit or suffer any stip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,―then
this deed, as also
note of even date herewith signed by
grantee
опе
je
ملاك
01 order the said principal sum and installments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void
Spring field
Isassigns.
whereby чие
01
its
'
promise to pay to the
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
executors, administrators, or
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, public auction in said
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once, ach week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said Staringfield
the first puldication of such notice to be not less than twenty one days before these and put chasers, profil te wees, and such sale shall
forever bai us
or
its
us
1
01 our
f
чие
of pale may convey the faremises
and all persons claiming under us
fiom all right and interest in the gated premises, whether at law or in equity. And
out of money arising from such sale the giantee
assigns representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses incurred or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to
heirs or assigns; and
hereby,
for ourselves
and our hens and assigns, covenant with the grantee
and its
heme, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
чие or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
purchasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale.
And it is Agreed that the giantee
its.or
01 its
extentors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in their behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
and our hens and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
receive the tents and profits thereof.
And for the consideration aforesaid.
do hereby release unto the said grantee and
In Witness Whereof,
here to set
our
eight hundred and ninety- mine
Signed sealed and delivered
in presence of
>
чие
чие
the said
hand S and seal $ this
Ralph W. Elles by both
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Hampden
SS
January 25
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Received
Jany 25"
hons and assigns a
POWER
George Hooker J. Ella Hook
twenty third day
of
Ella Hook
Geo. Hook
m the granted prem
January
+ Seal
in the year one thousand
Seal
Then personally appeared the above-named J. Ella Hook & George Hook
30 their
free act and deed, before me
1899 and registered from the original
Attest
Nalph W Ellio
Nate Janes
B. Wells
Justice of the Peace.
Register
7