149
Know all Men by these Presents, that charge, 666 16
Albert P. Stare, of Springfield, Hampden County, Massachusetts
in consideration of
One thousand dollars
paul by Mary a Lincoln of Warren in the County of Worcester-
paid
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
said Mary a. Sincoln
a certain tract of land in said Spring field located on the "Westerly
side
of Main Street, together with the buildings thereon & bounded Southerly by
Auburn Street minety (90) feet more or less. Westerly by
one
a common passage way
• hundred "dten (110) feet more or less, northerly by land of the Angeline Stebbins
Estate minety eight (98) feet
more or less, and Easterly by said Main Street one hun-
dred eighteen³d one half (118½ 2) feet more or less. Meaning " & intending to convey all the land
between said Auburn Street&d land of said Estate, as well as all between said Main Street
and said Passage way. Also the right to use said passage way in common with
other parties who own
rights of way over same..
To Have and to bold, the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
Mary
a. Sincoln
And I do hereby for
heirs and assigns that
aw
myself
дай
and her heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever
and my heirs, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the giantee
and her
except a mortg
langfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances
je on a portion held by the monson Savings Bank of $10,000.
and two
mortgages upon the cowher block amatures, and that
upfage
amounting to 19,500.
will and
my helis, executors, and administrators,
heirs and assigns for ever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons.
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee
except as aforesaid
Provided Nevertheless that if
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of
**
and her
, 01 my heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
One thousand dollars on demand
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of
بہنہ
or
her
per cent per annum, and until such payment shall
any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby,
Plauses of for any interest there
her
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises of
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fire in a sum not less than
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee and new executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expiration of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to
of the one so expuing; and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contamed,-then
this deed, as also
note of even date herewith signed by me
grantee or order the said principal sum and installments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void.
QU
or them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
whereby
Ol
'
her
promise to pay to the
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
executois, administrators, or
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
Spring field
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said Sporing-
field
folevel bar
me
and
or
Pren
may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchase or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple, and such sale shall
and all persons claiming under me from all right and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity And
out of money ausing from such sale the grantee
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, changes, and expenses incurred or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to
for myself
me
ΟΙ
hereby,
her my heus or assigns; and
giantee and
hens, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
and my heus and assigns, covenant with the
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
purchasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale.
And it is Agreed that the giantee
01
her
'
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in their behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money; and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
receive the rents and profits thereof
And for the consideration aforesaid
do hereby release unto the said grantee and
Ju Witness Whereof,
my
hereunto set
eight hundied and ninety- me
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
Albert W. Lincoln
the said
hand
and seal
this
and
my
heus and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
here and assigns all right of or to both DOWER-and-HOMESTEAD-in-the-granted-premises.-
Albert P. Hare unmarried have
16th
day of January
Albert P. Hare
& Seal
in the year one thousand
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Stampdenss
January 16th
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Received
Jany. 16th 1809
Justice of the Peace.
1899
his
Then personally appeared the above-named Albert P. Hare
free act and deed, before me-
Albert W. Lincoln
and registered from the ongmal
Attest.
* James T. Hello
Register