•
stamped with locts Red stampe
Know all Men by these Presents, that s
Reuben Fox of Westfield in the County of Hampeden,
Ривет в
Massachusetts.
in consideration of Five Hundred Dollars
paid by George W Hamilton of Westfield aforesaid
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, giant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
said George W.
مسمع
Tue Closipunaný
693526
569
Acknowledge Satisfaction and
hereby discharge this Mortgage.
&
Edui urith
"Wit-kesaffnd Oct 4-07
and
the following described tracts of land being situate in said. Westfield
First tract Bounded Westerly on land of Moses Herrick & Pally Herrick,
Northerly on land of Wm Nable Fr. Hand of H Stiles, Earterly on land of Thomas
Loomist on land of Allen & Neland. Loomest Southerly on The Highway contains
47 acres 7.115rods more or less.
Second tract Commencing West on heers of St. 9. Whitaker at stake estones
running East on the Highway 48 rods to stakesstones, thence from Raid last
mentioned staked stones in South Westerly-direction on land of Nelson
card
Andrus 18 rods to stake estones; thence on said. Adolfihus. J. Whitaker to
stakestones Westerly to rods; thence north on said. Adolphus. I radesto stake
+ stones; thence West 8 rods on said Adolphus I to stake estones, whence on
said Adolphus 9. North 10 rods to staked stones at felace of beginning contains
5acres more or less. Third tract bounded West on land formerly of Rebert What-
aker deceased I brods +24.rodson said. A 9 South brads on Hebert Miller, East 24
rods on said miller reason & & Holcomb; North on
Fourth tract. Bounded Souch on the Highway twenty rods; Easton said Miller
n the Highway Ibrado, Abso
1 rods and north on said Miller 20 rods, Weston said. Albert sixteen rods third
fourth tracts contain bacres are separated by a highway For further de-
porifition are deed of Parkes Loomis et abs to Albert Whitaker dated-day of
July 1853 recorded in Book 168 Rage 5 to see also dead of state of Henry
Loomes to said Albert recorded in Book 182 Page 338 also deeg to said Albert
ecorded in Book 225 frage +79, see also deed of Jane Whitaker mothers dated
ded Also des
of Estate of Rond
· Hi
and his heirs and assigns, to then own use and behoof forever.
[hebert to grantor
and my heus, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the grantee and his
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances
سعيد محم
To Have and to Hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances the reto belonging to the said
иде
And g hereby fo
heirs and assigns that
my.
that
have good right to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee
and us
Provided Nevertheless that if
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of
**
will and my heirs, executors, and administrators,
heirs and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons.
br
the
heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the
sum of five hundred do
سر
his
ron demand
grantee ΟΙ
'
per cent per annum; and until such payment shall
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the late of Desc
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid on 'assessed, whether on the gianted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby,
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fire in a sum not less than
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee
undred
and his
executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall apprové,
and, at least two days before the expiation of any policy on said piemises, shall deliver to him
of the one so expiring, and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained, then
or them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
this deed, as also a note of even date herewith signed by me
whereby
giantee
or order the said principal sunt ad installments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void.
sky
be thereon, by public auction in said
may
مهتمو
promise to pay to the
יי
1
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as
, 01 is executors, administrators, or
emain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that
first publishing a tice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
notice
atfield and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchaseis absolutely and in fee-simple, and such sale shall
forever bai
and all persons claiming under me from all right and interest in the gianted premises, whether at law or in equity. And
out of money aising from such sale the grantee
Press
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then on thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses incurred or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or
observance of the said condition, rendering the sui plus, if any, to me
me heirs or assigns, and
hereby,
and his
heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns that, "in
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
me
01
for myself and my
hens and assigns, covenant with the grantee
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
purchasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale
or
And it is Agreed that the grantee , or his executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in their behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
and my heirs and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
receive the rents and profits thereof.
And for the consideration aforesaid I, Lillian A Fox wife of said Reubin S. Í
do hereby release unto the said grantee and huis
In Witness Whereof,
hereunto set
our
eight hundred and ninety-nine
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
hens and assigns all right of or to both DOWER and HOMESTEAD In the granted premises.
the said Reuben S. Fo
hands and seals this chistenth
و
allian A. J.
day of l
Aferel
Henry Fuller for grantar Reuben S Fax seal
Ellen J Sullwan for & A
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Hamfiden
SS.
نند.
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Lillian A. Fox
areal
his wif
in the year one thousand
1899 Then personally appeared the above-named Ruben S. Fox
free act and deed, before me-
nry Fuller
Justice of the Peace.
Received
April 20
1899 and registered from the orginal
Attest
Damus B. Wells.
Register.