BOOK 5 56
In tale sleffidavit
4
Subork 559. Page 209 v211
lows
at a point.
雞心
Know all Men by these Presents, that I
I Marshall of H6 styrke, Massachusetts
In consideration of ........
paid by
b
Thee Thousand
Dollars
Lucy & Marsfall of Amherst Massachusetts
the receipt whereof do hereby acknowledge, do hereby give, grant, sell, and convey unto the
C Marshall
Lucy
Baid
her
Heirs and Assigns,
ninety. four (9.
the following tract of land with the buildings thereon situate in said Holyoke, bounded and described as
fo
Beginning
: on the northerly side of the old County road that leads up Money Hole Hill to
Northampton Street at a point forty-seven (47) feet easterly from the easterly line of West Stret at land now or for
merly of & 6 Buckley, thence running northerly & parallel with roud West Street one hundred (25) feet, thence aas
• County.
erly and parallel with raid
road ninety-four (94) feet,
thence southerly
• and parallel with said
West Street
one hundred (100) fict to raid bounty road, thence westerly by said County road
feet to the pease of beginning" See Hampden County Registry of Deeds Cook 488 Page 184
Also another certain lot of land, situate in rand Holyoke,
point of intersection of the northerly
sixty. three and seventy-.
on said Frankem Street, thence westerly at a right angle to rond Franklin Street
- sixty-eight
one hundredths (11968) felt,
two and forty-four
• one hundred the (72.44) feet
erly
dred nineteen and.
Frankem Street seventy..
sard
--munt one
side
"bounded as
follows: Beginning
westerly side
at the
Franklin Stree
the distance the land extends north
of Allyn Strelt with the
hundreths (60.79) feet being
chence southerly
to said
one
huur-
and parallel with sais
Fillyn Street; thence Easterly,
the same premises converted
Allyn Strust one hundred timenty (12 feet to the place of the recorded in Hampden Cementy Registry of
to me by deed of Jas H6 Fowles dated April 27" 1898 and recorded in
Deeds Bath 5321 Phase and to hold the afore-granted premises to the said
And ot
do, for
Heirs and Assigns, that
1 Lucy & Marshall
her Heirs and Assigns, to their use and behoof forever
Hoirs, Executors and Administrators, covenant with the said Lucy Co Marshall her
lawfully seized in fee of the afore-granted premises, that they are free of all incumbrances,
except three mortgages on the first described tract of land and one on the last described.
That have good right to sell and convey the same to the said Shrey C. Marshall
will warrant and defend the same promises to the said Ludy to Marshall
and that
save as above
her Heirs and Assigns forever, against the lawful claims and demands of all persons.
the said J. F Marshall
Provided Nevertheless, and this deed is on the following condition, that whereas I,
have executed a certam
Promissory Note of Hand: Dearing even dato herewith
Where I promise to pay Lucy to Marshall ou order on demand the sum
of Three Phonsand
Dollars with interest at the rate of five per centuri per annum, payable seme-amally
and during the continuance of this mortgage have agreed to pay all taxea assessed on the granted premises, or on any interest therein or on the
debt secured hereby, and keep the buildings on said promises insured against fire, in a sum satisfactory to and for the benefit of the Grantee and
her Heirs and Assigns
Signs of Legal Representature
Therefore, if 0 the said
Marshall
or my Legal
representatives,
the full amount of said Note according to the tenor thereof, and shall pay said taxes and
keep sd budanga insured as aforesaid, then this deed shall be void; otherwise in full force
her
Assigns.
or
my
myy
But, if default shall be made in the performance of any of the foregoing conditions, the Grantee and-
legal representatives, are hereby constituted
lawful attorneys for me and in
name to sell and dispose of the aforesaid lands at påblic auction, on or near the premises,
having first published notice of the time
and place of the intended sale, onco a week, for threo successive weeks, in some Newspaper, if there be any, published in the city or town
where said promises are situated; and if no Newspaper is published in such city or town, then in some Newspaper printed in the county where
the mortgaged premises are situated, the first publication to be at least twenty-one days before the day of sale,
and in
my
Dame to execute and deliver to the purchasers thereof, good and sufficient deeds of convey-
ance for the same; and of the money arising therefrom to retain a sum equal to the amount remaining unpaid on said Note and all expenses
nouried in the matter, rendering unto me or my theirs, assigns, o Legalrepresentatives a true and particular account of the same, with
any overplus that may remain thereof. And until such default the Grantee shall allowme n
2 my sins, aseigns, or legal representatives
undisturbed possession of said estate
o Legal Representatives
And it is agreed that the Grantee or her Heirs or signs, or unntatives her or their behalf may purchase at any sale mado as
aforesaid and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money
In Witness
and I essereof,
d
the said
J. F. Marshall
wife of said J. Marshall
August
to release all claim to dower and all homestead exemption rights in the aforesaid premises, have hereunto set
timenty fourth day of
Executed in the presence of
Wo Heywood to J F. M.
The words on demand" inserted and the
clause beguising
" and the principal" and ending.
" commencing aford 10th 1897" erased before delivery
COMMONWEALTH OF
HAMPDEN, 88.
wer
hands and seals this
in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and ninety-suf
J I Marshall
Mellie A Marshall
189. Then the within named
acknowledged the within instrument to be ha free act and deed before me
August 25
Received
August 31°
If
1896 and registered from the original. Attest
Ateal
Oseal
F. Marshall
C. He eyewood
"Дашва
Justice of the Peace
Register.
B. Well
R