1°
T
Know all Men by these Presents, that &
George H. Clow of Springfield, Hampden County, Massachusetts
Four hundred Dollars
in consideration
on of
ud by
ල
soodrich of said Springfield Trustee under the will of Aurelia N. Niessell
said Henry L. Goodrich Trustee.
the reqgipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
of
163
a certain parcel of land with the buildings thereon situated on the easterly side
Parker Avenue in said Springfuld, known and designated as lot mumber eight
(8) on Mary M. Parker's plan of lots recorded in Hampden County Registry of
Deeds book One (1) of Plans, page 26: said lot bring forty five (45) feet wide-
throughout, 96.21 feet on the north line 496,24 feet :.. on the south line Subject to a
mortgage of $2750 to Sarah C. Kirkland. Being the premises conveyed to nme by Mary
M. Parker by deed dated July 18, 1898 recorded at the Registry of Deeds for sard County of Hampden
To Have and to hold the granted
& You the syntet premises,
Herzry
And
heus and assigns that
with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
and his
heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever
Thereby for myself Jam and my hens, executepland the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances
administrators, COVENANT with the grantee and his
except said mortgage
that -
I
2
will and my heirs, executors, and administrators,
heus and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid; and that
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee and his
except as
to
said
Provided Nevertheless that if
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of
mortg
HI-
," or my heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
four hundred dollars on demand
six
shall keep the buildings on said premises musued against fire in a sum not less than satisfactorily to and
01
his
'
joais from this date, with interest semi-annually at the late of
per cent. per annum; and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby,
dellars, for the benefit of the grantee
and his
executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expuation of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to him on them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expuing, and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained, then
thus deed, as also опе note of oven date herewith signed by
whereby
giantee 01 order the said pimcipal sum and instal ments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void.
me
Spring fuld
, or
Pris
promise to pay to the
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
executors, administrators, oi
assigns may SELL the granted premises, of such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for thee successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
field
and
may convey the same by proper deed or
and all persons claiming under тел
forever bar
Me
or
Spring
deeds to the purchase or purchaseis absolutely and in fee-simple; and such sale shall
from all right and interest in the granted premises, whether at law on in equity. And
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
incurred or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or
me
my heus or assigns, and
hereby,
ant with the grantee
and
heus, executors, administiators, and assigns that, in
on they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
out of money arising from such sale the grantee
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to
for myself and
my heus and
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
assigns, cogenant
purchases a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale.
And it is Agreed that the giantee
01
'
his
01
his"
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in their behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money; and that, until default in the
shall
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
hens and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
receive the rents and profits thereof.
and my
And for the consideration aforesaid _Annie M. Clow wife of the said George H. Clow
do hereby release unto the sand giantee
In Witness Whereof,
hereunto set
eight hundred and ninety- mine
Signed, sealed and-dehvered
in presence of
Ralph W. Elles
Louie E. Wells
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
and
hus
we
"Theus and assigns all light of including
hens and assigns all rights of or to both DOWER and HOMESTEAD in the granted premises.
hands and seals this sixteen blow day of
Hampden $18 January
SS
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
M Clow
day of January
George W. Clow
Annie M. Clove
1
"
in the year one thousand
• Seal
a Seal
Then personally appeared George H. Clow the above named grantor
free act and deed, before me→
181899
his
Received
Jany 18th
1899
and registered from the original
Attest.
1
Ralph W. Ellis
es Ro. Nello
مع
Justice of the Peace
Register