275
Know all Men by these Presents, that»,
Robert P Smith of Springfield, Hampden County, Commonwealth of
Massachusetts
In consideration of three hundred fourteen da ars
paid by James W Browning of said Springfield
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, giant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
James W.
wring
والمعقد
Dee Book 599 Page 162.
See Discharge, Br6. 50 9594
said
a tone.
a certain lot of land situate on the northerly side of the Plum. Tree Road
Springfield, and bounded as follows, viz. - Beginning at an iron pin in the north-
erly line of said Plum Tree Road, distant rast four hundred and fifty (450) feet, more
or less, from the southeasterly corner of land now or formerly of Mrs Egra@Smith,
xhence running northerly in a straight line to an vron fuin in the southerly line of
land of ec Abbey, distant east five hundred (500) feet, more or less, from
bound at the northeasterly corner of said Smith's land, hence running Easterly on
said Abbey's land two hundred and fifty (250) feet, more or less, to an erontein;
thence Southerly in a straight line to an iron pun in the Peum Free Road, des-
tant east two hundred twenty-five (225) feet, more or less, from the place of
beginning;
thence Westerly on said Plum Free Road to the place of beginning, com-
taining six and one-half (63) acres, more or less, and being the same teremixes
conveyed to me by deed of Michael Speight, dated June 3, 1896, and recorded in
the Requstry of Deeds for said County of Hamfiden, Book, 550, frage 211
The premises are conveyed subject to a mortgage this day given the
grantee herein for seven hundred and thirty- right dollars
To Have and to hold the granted piemises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
ames W. Brow
And
hereby fol
hens and
that
assigns
myself
owning
am
excepet said mortgage
and
and
heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoot forever
and his
hens, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the giantee
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances
that g have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that g
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee and his
Provided Nevertheless that if
will and y heus, executors, and administrators,
heirs and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
,
or his
ars on demand
For my heus, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the giantée
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of three hundred and fourteen
in
at the late of is
years from this date, with interest acteler
per cent per annum, and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted picmises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby,
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fine in a sum not less than satisfactorily to and
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee and executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expuation of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to him or them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expiring, and shall not commit or suffer any stap or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,―then
this deed, as also one note of even date herewith signed by me
whereby
grantee oi oider the said puncipal sum and instal.ments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void
'
promise to pay to the
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee 01 his executors, administrators, or
assigns may SLLL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
gfield
first publishing a of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
Springfield.
and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchase or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple, and such sale shall
forever bar 'me and all persons claiming under me from all right and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity And
out of money arising from such sale the grantee
hus
01
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses incurred on sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to me
my hens or assigns, and
hereby,
for myself and my hens and assigns, covenant with the grantee and is
heurs, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
purchasers a deed oi deeds of release confirming such sale.
And it is Agreed that the grantee
01
his
↑
Οι
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in then behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchase shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
heus and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted piemises and
icceive the rents and profits thereof.
and
my
And for the consideration aforesaid I, Jannett Smith, wife of the said Robert P. Smith
do hereby release unto the said grantee
his
and
Ju Witness Whereol, we
hand
hereunto set
our
eight hundred and ninety- light,
Signed sealed and delivered
The
presence of
Charles H. Beckwith by both
hens and assigns all night of or to both Dow ER and HOMESTEAD in the granted premises.
Robert P Smith & the said Jannet Smith
day of November
the said
and seal this
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Hampdenss. November 30,
and acknowledged the foregomg instrument to be
Robert P Smith area
1898.
nnette Smith osial
in the year one thousand
Then personally appeared the above-named Robert P. S mich
free act and deed, before me-
harles H. Beckwith
Received
Feb. 8
1899 and registered from the origmal
Attest.
ames R. Nels
E
Justice of the Peace.
Register