170
Know all Men by these Presents, that
Herbert M.Wndard. Ezelda Bourgeois of Spring field, Hampden County Massachusetts
1 Acknowledge Satisfaction and
hereby discharge this Mortgage.
April 13 1899
ария
Witness R Martensen
In consideration of Five Hundred Sixty Dollars
paid by Herbert M. Woodard of Hartford in the State of Connecticut
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do leieby give, giant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
said Woodard
A certain tract of land situate in Springfield and being loto numbered five (6)
and six (6)on said Woodard's plan of Beacon Heights property so called recorded
with the deeds for said County of Hampden Book of Plans 1 Pages 70% 11 and the
same this day conveyed to the grantor by the grantee by deed to be recorded with said
Hampden County deeds and this conveyance is subject to the restrictions and conditions
mentioned in said deed subject also to a mortgage of Thirteen Hundred fifty (1350)
જ
Dollars to E.π Baker & a mortgage of Six hundred Fifty (650) Dollars to Elijah Cope
To Have and to hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
And
oodard'
hereby for
heirs and assigns that
myself
aforesaid
excepting as of
that
and his heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever
his
and my hears, executors and administi afors, COVENANT with the grantee and four brances
have good ught to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that I
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee
excepting as aforesaid
Provided Nevertheless that if
I
and his
will and my hens, executors, and administrators,
hens and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
{
ફ્
t
or
>
Pres
, or my heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of Five Hundred sixty (560) Dollars on demand after
his
five
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of
per cent. per annum, and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby;
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fire in a sum not less than the fair value there of
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee and
executors, administrators and assigns such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
him
and, at least two days before the expiration of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to
or them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expiring, and shall not commit oi suffer any strip or waste of the granted piemises, or any breach of any covenant herein contamed, then
this deed, as also my note of even date herewith signed by me
whereby
giantee or order the said principal sum and instal ments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void.
8.
01
his
promise to pay to the
executors, administrators, or
But upon any default in the performance oi observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
"field"
ΟΙ
me
his
Springfield"
Pre or
they
Spring.
and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple, and such sale shall
forever bar
Me
and all persons claiming under
from all night and interest in the granted premises, whether at law oi in equity And
out of money arising from such sale the giantee
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then or thereafter payable, including, all costs, changes, and expenses incurred on sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance o1-
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to
Me
my heus or assigns; and I hereby,
for myself
heus and assigns, covenant with the grantee and
heis, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
01 they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchase o
purchasers a deed oi deeds of release confirming such sale.
and my
or
'
01
his
And it is Agreed that the grantee his executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in the behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
receive the rents and profits thereof.
my
heirs and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
And for the consideration aforesaid J. Eusebe JV. Bourgeois husband of said Ezilda
do hereby release unto the said grantee
In Witness Whereof,
hereunto set
our
cight hundied and ninety- mine
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
Charles G Gardner
and
we
his
heirs and assigns áll right of or to both DoWER and HOMESTEAD in the granted premises.
the said Ezilda Bourgeors, Eusebe H. Bourgeois
hand S and seal $ this eighteenth day of January in the year one thousand
to both
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Hampden
ss.
January
18th
189
9. her
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Received
Jany 18:
Ezilda Bourgers
a
Seal
Eusebe JV. Bourgeois & Seal
Then personally appeared the above-named
free act and deed, before me-
Egilda Bourgeois
Charles G. Gardner
1899 and registered from the original
Attest⚫
es R. Nello
Name: Jes
Justice of the Peace.
Register.
{
{
*
་་་
1
1