502
1 Acknowledge Satisfaction and
hereby discharge this mortgage.
DƐnkine Burbank = "
A
22.
Stred
Know all Men by these Presents, that s
-
CH Alderman of firingfield, Hampden County Massachusetts
'IN Simon Cotton Estate
Withers C. E. Safford
Oct 1
1-09
five hundred
میملیم
vard
in consideration of twenty
paul byske B.
Rohe will of Demon Calton, late of Longmeadow, de
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, giant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
said Burbank
Cordes, Trustees, as aforesaid;
certain real estate, situated in Springfield and bounded and described as follows;-;
Beginning on the easterly side of Long Hill Street at the souchivesterly corner
of land of the heirs of William W Coomes and running thence southerly on Long
Hill "Street forty-one & deighty-five one hundredths feet (4185) to a monument
marking an angle in said street, thence southerly on Long Hill Street four hun.
dred and sixty-six feet to land of one Bond; thence on said Bond's land about
south 66°26' 10", east about one hundred and fifty feet to land heretofore conveyed
by D. Erskine Burbank and James K. Coomer to William H. Read; thence northerly
on said land of Read to land of the heirs of William W Coomes and thence westerly
on the last named land about four hundred and thirty-five feet to place of
beginning; subject to the street rights in a deed recorded in Hampden County
Registry of Deeds Book 558, Page 165 and being the same property furchased
by me at foreclosure sale, march twenty-third 1899.
To Dave aud to Bold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the sud Burbanksbordis.
tees as
•-aforesaid
gmyself
hereby for
And
heirs, and assigns that
accessor
J20
am
and
then own use behoof forever
my
heus, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the tees and their
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances
will and my
that g have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that
hens, executors, and administrators,
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantees and theirons and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
Provided Nevertheless that if I , or my
administrators or assigns the sum of
heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantees,
twenty-f we hundred dollars on
fue
mand
or
their
per cent. per annum, and until such payment shall
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the late of
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid on assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby,
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fire in a sum not less than
dollars, for the benefit of the grantees and her èè
satisfactory to and
x
inistrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expuation of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to
them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expuing; and shall not commit or suffer any strip of waste of the granted piemises, or any breach of any covenant herein contamed, then
this deed, as also the note of even date herewith signed by
whereby
giantee – or order the said principal sum and instalments of interest at the time aforesaid shall be void
me
متسيدر
or their
promise to pay to the
ministrators, 01
But upon any default in the performance on observance of the foregoing condition, the grantees,
assigns may SELL the granted piemises, or such portion thereof as may iemam subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release heieof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
ield
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
Dhiring field and may convey the same by proper deed of deeds to the purchaser or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple, and such sale shall
forever bai me and all persons claiming under me
from all night and interest in the granted piemises, whether at law or in equity And
out of money anising from such sale the grantees of Their
iepresentatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, changes, and expenses inculed on sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to
heus or assigns, and ร
hereby,
for myself
ministrators, and assigns that, in
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
purchasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale
at
any
and my
me
or my
succesorio
heirs and assigns, covenant
at with the grantees and their Love
And it is Agreed that the grantee S, or their
and
asiatous, or assigns, or any person or persons in their behalf, may purchase
· sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
performance oi obser vance of the condition of this deed
receive the rents and profits thereof
And for the consideration aforesaid
do hereby release unto the said grantee and
In Witness Whereof,
hereunto set
my
eight hundred and ninety- mine.
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
heus and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
hoirs and assigns all night of or to both DOWER and HOMESTEAD in the granted premises.
C.H. Aldern
the said
hand
and seal
this thirtieth
n(unmarried)
day of March
in the year one thousand
Charles H. Alderman escal
1899
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Hampden $8. Afeul 4"
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Received
Justice of the Peace.
Then personally appeared the above-named CH Alderman
his
free act and deed, before me-
hat. & Hoag,
Aferel 5,
189 and registered from the original
Attest
James R. Wells.
Register.
ว