Know all Men by these Presents, thatw.
Franklin G Bennett Merton R Bennett both of Ludlow,
Hamfeden County, Massachusetts
323.
1 Acknowledge Satisfaction and
hereby discharge this Mortgage.
Adelbert & Berth
Witmer
in consideration of Four Hundred Eightyfive dollars.
paid by Adelbert L. Bennett of said Ludlow, trustee for the benefit of Francelia O Vinton LM. Janner
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, giant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
said Adelbert 2 Bennett,
estee as
aforesaid
Acertain tract of land with the buildings thereon situated in said Ludlow bounded and
described as follows. On the South byland formerly of Char. S Bennett, deceased, East by land
of Edbert Atchinson. North by land of Hiram Davenport. Ed West by the highway Containing
about forty acres of land Also a second tract lying on the opposite side of said high-
вухала
way Edbounded Easterly by said highway Northerly by land now or formerly of William
H Pease Westerly Southerly by land of Chat S Bennett formerly
Being the same land conveyed to us by deed of Chass Bennett dated July 2d 1891d
the
recorded in Hamfiden County Registry of Deeds Book 482 Page 31. This mortgage is
made subject to a mortgage to the Trustees of the Mε Church of Ludlow for One Thous-
and Dallo
To Have and to Hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said Adelbert £ Bennett
Trustee as aforesaid
And we hereby for ourselves
hous and assigns that we are
except as
that we
aforesaid
and his success
Heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever
and our hens, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the tee and his su
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances
will and our hens, executors, and administrators,
hoirs, and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons.
cepor
have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that we
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee and his
except under raid first mortgage
Provided Nevertheless that if We
heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
executais, administrators or assigns the sum of Four Hundred Eighty-five
interest payable quarterly
>
ܝܚܝܝ- 0
ог
,
or his
demand with
yous from this date, with interest somi annually at the rate of f we
per cent. per annum; and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby;
shall keep the buildings on said piemises insured against file in a sum not less than sati
tary to and
dollars, for the benefit of the cene and their atecutats, administrators, and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expiration of any policy on said piemises, shall deliver to them or them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expuing, and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,―then
this deed, as also ou
note of even date herewith signed by
whereby
giantee
us
or order the said principal sum and instal ments of interest at the time aforesaid shall be void
'
-
we
promise to pay to the
executors, ninistrators, or
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee his
01
assigns may SFLL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said ud
forever bai us
out of money aising from such sale the grantee
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in sandringfieldin
said County and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchase or purchaseis absolutely and in fee-simple; and such sale shall
and all persons claiming under Jus from all night and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity And
Pres
or'
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then on thereafter payable, including all costs, chaiges, and expenses incurred on sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to
01 hens or assigns, and we hereby,
everand our hers and assigns, covenant with the giantee
and us
hells, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
we or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser oi
for
purchases a deed oi deeds of release confirming such sale
And it is Agreed that the grantee his
01
'
Executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in then behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed ve
and our heirs and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted piemises and
receive the rents and profits thereof
And for the consideration aforesaid We, Idam Bennett wife of Franklin G Bennett Alice &
Bennett wife of Merton R. Bennett
and
do hereby
release unto the said grantee and his and assigns all right of or to both DOWER and HOLSTEAD In the granted premises all right by
atatu Witness Whereof, We the said Frankling Bennett, Idam Bennett, Merton R Bennett & Dice & Bennet
day of January
hereunto set
eight hundred and ninety-eight
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
Frances F
لله
hands and seals this tenth
FG Bennett
Vseal
Saam. Bennett aseal
son
MR. Bennett
Frances Ferguson
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
aseal
in the year one thousand
Hamfiden so
an. 10,
Аліся б. Веnnett sreal
1898
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Then personally appeared the above-named G. Bennett
fiee act and deed, before me
Received
Feb 23,
189 99 and registered from the original
Attest
те Вие
mis R. Wells
B.
B. James
Justice of the Peace
Register
1