196
1 Acknowledge Satisfaction and
Know all Men by these Presents, that
hareby discharge this Mortgage. Wilbur F. Young of Springfield, Hampden County, Massachusetts
Mrs Ellen 74. Trask by Ellen M. Trask of said Springfield
in consideration of One Hundred'd Twenty Five Dollars
Dec 29. 1899. Wetress R. Martensen
paid
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
Ellen M Traste
said
I
A certain lot of land situated on the southerly side of Governor Street in said Springfield"
I
knowny designated as lot number eighteen (18) on Ellen M. Trask's plan of Governor street record-
ed in Hampden County Registry of Deeds, book One of Plans, page 30, said lot being. more particularly described =
as follows: beginning at a paint in the southerly line of Governor street distant four hundred foot easterly from
Armory street running thence Easterly on Governor street fifty (50) feet; thence Southerly at right angles
with Governor street one hundred six 45%/20 (106 517) feet; thence Westerly fefty (50) feet: " thence Northerly at
100
right angles with Governor street one hundred six% 6%/100 (106.60) feet to the place of beginning. Being the premises
conveyed to me by Ellen M. Trask by deed dated Jan. 26 1898, to be recorded at the Registry of Deads for
said County of Hampden.
Ellen M Frask
To have to hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
and her heirs and assigns, to theu own use and behoof forever
COVENANT with
hereby for
And
hens and assigns that
that
and
her
myself Jamind my heus, executors and administrator, Covisers, that they as 5 Thee from all incumbiances
have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee and her
Provided Nevertheless that if
will and my heirs, executors, and administrators,
heirs and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
, or my heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
or
her
,
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of One hundred twenty five dollars on demand
five
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the late of
per cent. per annum, and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therem, or on the debt secured hereby,
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fire in a sum not less than
satisfactorily to and
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee and her
executois, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expiation of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to her or them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expuing, and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,—then
this deed, as also
note of even date herewith signed by
whereby
one
one
giantee or order the said principal sum and instaliments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void.
feeld
forever bår
Me
ΟΙ
her
Springfield
'
01
her
promise to pay to the
executors, administrators, or
Spring
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
and may convey the same by proper deed oi deeds to the purchase or purchaseis absolutely and in fee-simple, and such sale shall
and all persons claiming under
me fiom all right and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity And
out of money aising from such sale the giantee
iepresentatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, chaiges, and expenses incurred or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance oi
observance of the said condition, rendering the sui plus, if
me
д
any, to
and
my heus or assigns,
hereby,
for myself
and my
heirs and assigns, covenant with the giantee and
hens, executois, administiatois, and assigns that, in
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
purchasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale
And it is Agreed that the grantee
or
"
her
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
receive the rents and profits thereof.
her
or
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in then behalf, may purchase
be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
and my
hens and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted piemises and
And for the consideration aforesaid I, Mary Ida Young wife of the said Wilber 3, Young
do hereby release unto the sard grantee
In Witness Whereoſ,
hereunto set
our.
eight hundied and ninety th
Signed, sealed a and delivered
in presence of
Ralph W. Elles
and
чие
her
the said
hand S and seals this
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Jambden ss January
including IVER
heirs and assigns all rights of both DOWER and HOMESTEAD in the granted premises.
Wilbur F Young and Mary Ida
twenty. fifth
day of Jan Young
Wilbur I Young
Mary Ida Young
25 1899 Then personally appeared
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Received
Jany 25"
25" 1899
his
Seal
• Seal
in the year one thousand
Wilbur F. Young the above named grantor
"Ralph W. Ellis
free act and deed, before me
and registered from the original
Attest⚫
Natas
James R. Wells
Justice of the Peace.
Register.
.
1
1