252
In Sale + affidairt see
Book 753 Pages 288-289
Ces Assignment,
887299389
Know all Men by these Presents, that .
Frank. 6. Elmer of Springfield, Hampden County, Massachusetts
In consideration of three hundred." "Stiventy five dollars
paid by Mary A Lincoln of Warren in the County of Worcester.
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, baigain, sell and convey unto the
said Mary A Lincoln
A certain hat of land in Westfield, Hampden County aforesaid Said lat being
designated as lot number 25 on John B Warren's Pean of lots on Gold Street
-
Avenue in said Westfield recorded in said Hampden County Registry of Dead's
in Book 564 Page 603 said lot is fifty (50) feet in width one hundred (100)
szavallatio fefty150)feuten
feet
en
depech
لمسه
reference may be had to said filan on the record thereof
for any further description"
E boundaries
To Have and to Hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
Lary at
incoln
And
hens and assigns that
hereby for myself
and her heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever
and
my
heus, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the grantee and her
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances
my.
that
have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid; and that J will and
hens, executois, and administrators,
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee and her heirs and assigns for ever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
Provided Nevertheless that if
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of
, or
my
pay
giantee
,
heirs, executois, administrators or assigns, shall unto the
or her
schree hundred twenty-five dollars on demand
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of
per cent. per annum, and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted picmises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby;
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against five in a sum not less than
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee and
Sux
executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall-approve,
and, at least two days before the expiration of any policy on said promises, shall deliver to
or them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expuing; and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,—then
this deed, as also
note of even date herewith signed by
grantee or older the said principal sum and instal ments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void
a
me
whereby
ΟΙ
'
her
promise to pay to the
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
executors, administrators, or
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said Westhe
all
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
Westfield
and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple, and such sale shall
forever bar me and all persons claiming under me fiom all right and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity And
out of money aising from such sale the grantee
or her
1epresentatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
or
my
hers or assigns, and 9
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses inculled on sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance oi
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to me
hereby,
for my self and
hens and assigns, covenant with the giantee and her hens, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
on they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
purchasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale
my
And it is Agreed that the grantee
01
her
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in their behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchase shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money; and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
my
heus and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted piemises and
receive the rents and profits thereof.
and
And for the consideration aforesud I, Kate F Elmer wife of the said Frank & Elmer
do hereby release unto the said giantee and
In Witness Whereof,
hereunto set our
eight hundied and ninety- mine
Signed, sealed and delivered
аш
AWE
in presence of
incoln
her
heirs and assigns all right of or to both DOWER and пOMESTEAD in the granted premises
у бежен
day of February
hands and loand Frank 6. Elmer Kate & Elmer have
the said
seals
Frank & Elmer osial.
in the year one thousand
Kate I Elmer
1899
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
iamfeden ss.
February 3rd
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Received
Iseal
Then personally appeared the above-named
his
free act and deed, before me-
Frank E. Elmer
Albert W. Lincoln
Feb. 4,
. 1899 and registered from the original
Attest
B. Wells.
Justice of the Peace
Register.
O
R
✓]