nd
bonds to the said Holyoke Paperles or to its officerson agents by whom
the said bonds were, delivered to the Trust Co. as Trustee, nd thereafter.
the said Trust bo shall be in no respects liable or answerable for the
use made of said bonds, or any of them," the receipt there for of any
officer or agent of said Hedly one Paperles. shall be in full acquittance
by authority to the said Turst les. for such authentication'sy delivery. The
said Trust Co. shall only be liable for its own wilfulness, negligence
default 4 not for the misconduct 4 default of any attorney or agent
appointed by it with reasonable carey diligence.
thing
3. Until default shall be made in the payment of the interestor
principal of any of eaid bonding coupons, according to the tenorind
effect there of, or until default-
or until default shall be made in respect to come.
herein required to be done by said Holyoke PaperCompany the
beard mortgaged property and every part of portion there of shall conti
mue, to bed remain in the possession, control y management of the
-eard Holyoke Paper Company with the right on its part, to receive
use, the income, rents, issues nd profits, there of " to sell" remove
my of the machinery & fixtures there of in, the same manner with_
the came effect as if this Deed had not been made, provided said
Holyoke Paper les chall user invest the entire proceeds of any yall
such sales in replacing the property
the property sold or in the purchase of
other property of equal value.
its successors or
4.. If eaid Holyoke Paper Company corsor assigne
shall make default in the payment of any interest onary of said
bonds or in the payment of any tax, assessment or public charge
when dure, whereby the recurity of this mortgage may be impaired,
shall continue in euch default after due demand for the same for
a period of not less than six months, the whole principal summer.
tioned in each y all of said bonds shall become due'd payable at the
option of said Trust Company, which option shall be exercised
on, the written request of the holders of one half in amount of said bonds
then outstanding
1½d if such principal eum, with interest accrued
is not paid upon demand after, the same chall so have become dice,
it shall thereupon become the duty of 14 the raid Trust Company,
"may"," & upon the request in writing of the holders
and
of not less than one half in amount of the said honde then out
standing upon being indemnified to its satisfaction; chall
enter upon said premises into possession of said property " "dgives
grant, bargain, sell convey all daingular, the premises. & prop
/
perty hereby conveyed, devery part there of either as a whole atone
- separate parcels / at different times, at its elections
Lits successors.
time or in
or
g