350
"
See Auiguments
08663
202 202
nwlodga Satisfaction and
parowy discharge this mortgage,
Yas. H Big slow.
Know all Men by these Presents, that s
the County of Suffached
Josefchine Kilduff, of Boston, in the
7
Commonwealth of ma
nwealth of Massachusetts
Waness Flora M Harringtons
Oct 23, 1922
in consideration of Four hundred ten-dollars ($10.)
said Holyoter bounded
paid blames M. Bigelow, of Holyphe, Hamfeden County said Commonwealth
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, giant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
said James M Bigelow,
wis and assigns
the following described premises Viz. A certain tract of land situate in
described as follows Vig Bequining at a pant in the Easterly side of Deabella Street at the
intersection of the Southerly boundary line of land of Geo P Ellison, thence running Southerly on sard
Street one hundred six feet Thence Casterly at right angle-to said Street one hundred Feighty-five
feet to land of 9 R. Ball; thence Northerly alonqraard Ballsland one hundred & six feet to land of said
Ellison, chence Westerly along Ellisonsland one hundred brighty five feet to the place of bequing
Containing 2 lots of land conveyed to me by deed of Jerrell, recorded in Hamfiden Registry of
Decals, Book 538, Pages 5484549 Also another tract of land situate in Chicofice (in that part
thereof called Fairview) in raid County of Hampden described as follows thy Biquing at a fant
in the Northerly side of the Ludlow Road 80ft. 5½ inches Westerly from the Westerly side of Fillmore st
shence Westerly on said Ludlow Road 8 of+ 52 inches, thence Northerly parallel with Fillmore of 130 feet,
Эленсьбантели rightangle-stolant 187+all
sterly at right angle to last described line 78 &+ All inches, chance Southerly in a straight line 138ft + bincher
to place of bea Being rame firemes to me conveyed by-deed of fas Collingwood recorded in
have and to hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
Reges
552, Page115
And g hereby for myself
heirs and assigns that Sa
said
and his
and
heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever
hens, executors and administrators, coVENANT with the giantee
and his
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbiances
have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid; and that g
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee
and his
that
Provided Nevertheless that if
will and
my
heus, executors, and administrators,
hens and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
9, or my heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
hundred rdten dollars, on demand
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of 3.
th
six
, or his
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the late of
per cent. per annum, and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest theiem, or on the debt secured hereby;
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fire in a sum not less than
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee and
executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expuation of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to
or them a new and sufficient policy to take the-place
of the one so expiring, and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,―then
this deed, as also a
note of even date herewith signed by me
whereby
grantee or order the said principal sum and instalments of interest at the time aforesaid shall be void.
forever bai me
me
promise to pay to the
executois, administrators, or
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
, or his
assigns may SELL the granted piemises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of -any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said Holyoked Chicopee, effectively
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
Новерава and I may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple, and such sale shall
and all persons claiming under
fiom all right and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity. And
out of money arising from such sale the grantee
or his
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses incuried or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance oi
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to me
for myself
and my
heirs and assigns, covenant with the grantee
and his
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
01, they will upon request
purchasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale.
01 my heus or assigns,
and
hereby,
heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in their behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
And it is Agreed that the grantee
receive the rents and profits thereof
01 his
and my hens and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
And for the consideration aforesaid S, Pichard G Kilduff husband of raid Josephine 3. Kilduff
do hereby release unto the said giantee
and
hes
the said
hand and seal this
S
In Witness Whereof, W-
hei eunto set
our
eight hundred and ninety-nine
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
Dewey to both
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Suffolk
65 February 23rd
hens, and assigns all right of or to both power and HOMESTEAD in the granted premises.
and Richard G Kilduff
day of January
плачи
Josefine F. Kilduff
Прочеревине 7 клаве челов
Richard G Kilduff weal
1899
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Received Feb. 28,
}
m the year one thousand
Then personally appeared the above-named Josephine F. Kilduff
her
free act and deed, before me-
1899 and registered from the original
Attest.
Yes. W. Caston
4. Janu
B. Wells
Justice of the Peace.
Register.
1