}
i
די
126
Ser Discharge, 3-6 30. 9455
field
Stamp 25.doc
Bnow all Men by these Presents, that &
Charles W. Skiff of Westfield, Hampden County. Massachu.
setts
in consideration of
Fifteen Hundred Dollars
paid by William J. Ensign of said Westfield
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do heleby give, grant, baigan, sell and convey unto the
said William St Ensign
A certain parcel of land with the buildings thereon situated in said West-
on
the morth side of Franklin Street and bounded and described as
-o fol-
lows to wit: on the north by land of one Ormobee and land of Ernst Schmidt:
7
on the east by land of Johanna Morrissey and land of William Provin: on the South
by land of William Proving by Franklin Street: on the west by land of Thomas Dyson.
To Have and to Hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
William H. Ensignell
And
heirs and assigns that
except a mtg of
д
and his
heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever
and my hells, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the grantee
and his
seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances
and a mort.
mortgage of
1000 due to W.H. Winchester
* 3500 due to Julia"
Pris
have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid; and that I will and my hens, executors, and administi ators,
that
shall warrant and defend the same to the grantee and
Provided Nevertheless that if I
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of
-777-
heirs and assigns forever agamst the lawful claims and demands of all persons
, or my heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
Fifteen Hundred Dollars on demand
six
, or
Рио
years from thus date, with interest semi-annually at the late of
per cent per annum, and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby,
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fire in a sum not less than
one shows and
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee and us executois, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expuation of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to him on them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expumg, and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of
this deed, as also
note of even date herewith signed by
a
me
giantee or order the said principal sum and instal, ments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void
whereby
01
'
any
Pris
covenant herein contained,-then
promise to pay to the
executors, administrators, or
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all
improvements that be thereon, by public auction in said
Westfield
Westfield
of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
may
first publishing a notice
forever bai me
and may convey the same by proper deed of deeds to the purchase or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple, and such sale shall
and all persons claiming under me
fiom all right and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity And
out of money arising from such sale the giantee
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
01
his
me
01 my heirs or assigns, and
'
then on thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses incurred on sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance oi
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to
hereby,
for
and
myself
hens and assigns, coɣenant with the giantee and his hens, executors, administi atois, and assigns that, in
ogen:
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchase or
purchasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale.
my
or
}
fres
And it is Agreed that the grantee
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
receive the ients and profits thereof
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in their behalf, may purchase
hall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
and
my
heirs and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
And for the consideration aforesaid I, Helen E. Shiff wife of said Charles W. Skiff
do hereby release unto the said grantee
In Witness Whereof,
hereunto set
our
eight hundred and ninety-eight
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
A. J. Lilley
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Hampden
and
We
hand
his
heus and assigns all right of or to both DOWER and HOMESTEAD in the granted premises
Charles W. Shiffy Helen E. Skiff
the said
and seal S this
SS. november 30th 1898
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Received
Janry, 12th
thirtieth
day of
Charles W. Skiff
Helen & Skiff
Then personally appeared the above-named
free act and deed, before me-
his
1899 and registered from the original
Attest.
Date:
Ja
november
Seal
a
• Seal
9
in the year one thousand
Charles W. Skiff
a. 7. Lilley
B. Wells
Justice of the Peace
Register.