200
Know all Men by these Presents, that 9,
William O. Mc Cauley of Springfield, Hampden County, Mass.
in consideration of Ome dollar Yother goody valuable considerations to wit: Seven !
as frerein stated.
hundred minety Dollars
mal by The Fidelity Mutual dife association, having its principal office in the City
of Philadelphia Pennsylvania
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, giant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
said Fidelity Mutual Life Association
that certain tract of land situated in said Springfield at the corner of Windsor
and Knox Sts., Being lot numbered thirty. three on J. S. Newman's Plan of Lots,
recorded in Hampden County Registry of Deeds in Book 446, Page 601, and said
"plan"s records" the lines, marks" figures thereon are hereby made a part hereof for the four-
pose of particular descriptions
Ruccessors and
And
hereby for
myself
hons and assigns that
dam.
To have sociat
and to Hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
its aud
Association its
heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever
and its successors
and my heirs, executors and administrators, COVENANT With the grantee
lawfully
except one mortgage to the Mass Mutual Life Is, seized on fep-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all mcumbrances
which they agree
to release on the tract hereby conveyed
on payment of one hundred Dollars and interest thereon,
have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that
will and my
heirs, executors, and administrators,
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee and its succisors heus and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
except as aforesaid
that
I
or
Provided Revertheless that of J. S. Newman his heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
on a certain promisory
or
excentais, administrators or assigns the sum of the amount due
mote
given
مل
successors
by said Newman to
Said Association dated Dec. 29th 1898 for the sum of Seven hundred ninety Dollars (odd cents)", interest
tit
years from this date, with interest sem annually at the rate of
per cent, por annum, and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest thei em, or on the debt secured hereby,
shall keep the buildings on said promises moured against fire in a sum not less than
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee and
executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expuation of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to
or them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so exping, and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the gianted piemises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,—then
this deed, as also said note of even date herewith signed by said Newmani
grantee or order the said principal sum and instal'inents of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void..
whereby he
promise to pay to the
, 01
its successors
A
-executors, adminstrators, 01
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
Spring field
fust publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
field
forever bar Me
me
its
Spring-
and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple, and such sale shall
and all persons claiming under
And
from all night and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity
out of money aising from such sale the grantee
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses incurred or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to
ΟΙ
Me
for
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
purchasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale.
myself and my hells and assigns, covenant with the grantee
And it is Agreed that the grantee
'
or
its
the
or my hells or assigns, and
hereby,
and its su
hons, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
cessor0
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons m then behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
heus and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
receive the rents and profits thereof.
And for the consideration aforesaid
-do hereby release unto the sand grantee
In Witness Whereof,
my
liei eunto set
eight hundred and ninety-' mine
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
Allen Webster
COMMONWEALTH
TH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Hampden ss.
shall
and my
hours and assigns all w
hand
the said
and seal
Jan. 16
th
1899
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Received
Jany 25°
| HOMESTEAD in the granted premises
day of
Jan
William S. McCauley (unmarried)
this twelfth
•
in the year one thousand
W.O. McCauley Seal
~
f. Then personally appeared the above-named William D. McCauley
fiee act and deed, before me-
De
Allen Webster
Hello
Пишем пти
n.7
Justice of the Peace
Register.
1899
and registered from the original
Attest