192 For Assignments
dee
603
Know all Men by these Presents, that I
"
Book 603 Page161
161
Pre Discharge Of 7137 Henry G. Wells of Springfield, Hampden County Massachusetts
Easterly corner
ming
in consideration of Five Hundred Dollars
paid by Theodore Durght
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
Theodore F. Dwight
said
of
and
run-
A certain tract of land with the buildings thereon situated in said Springfield Massachusetts
bounded" described as follows to wit: Beginning on the Southerly side of Granville Street at the North
of land of DJ. Kemp four hundred two (402) feet Easterly from Eastern Avenue. "I re
•thence Easterly on said Granville Street fifty two" & three tenths (52%) fet to Logan Street; thence
thence Southerly on said Logan Street about seventy rightly one half (1812) feet to land of Mary Arm Young
thence Westerly
on said Young's land about fifty mine 4 one half (59%) feet to land of said D. J. Temp:
thence Northerly on said Temp's land about seventy mine & one-half (192) feet to Granville Street at the point.
of beginning. Being the same premises conveyed to me by William H Sudbury by his deed of even date here with "His
subject to a mortgage of $2100 to Eliza P. Stevens. Also to certain sewer forivileges referred to in said deed
To Have and to Hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
hereby for
and his heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever
and my
heus, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the giantec
and his
Andre' F. Nury mysey Jaw lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are fice from all incumbiances
heirs and assigns that
except as aforesaid
that
I
Fus
گر
will and my heus, executors, and administrators,
hens and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same, to the grantee and
except as aforesaid
my heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
Five Hundred Dollars on demand
Provided Nevertheless that if
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of
d
> or
quarter
117
we
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the late of
six
or
his
per cent per annum, and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoevei laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby,
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fire in a sum not less than sates factory to and
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee and his executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expiration of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to him on them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expiring, and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of
this deed, as also my note of even date herewith signed by me
grantee 01 order the said principal sum and instal ments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void
whereby
his
Storing field
covenant herein contained, then
promise to pay to the
executors, administrators, or
7
Spring.
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee , 01
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
and may convey the same by proper deed oi deeds to the purchaser or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple; and such sale shall
forever 'bar
and all persons claiming under me from all night and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity
out of money arising from such sale the grantee 01
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses incurred or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance oi
observance of the said condition, rendering the sui plus, if any, to
те
field
me
his
And
and my
or
थे
his
'
heus or assigns,
and
hereby,
for myself
heus and assigns, covenant with the grantee and
hen's, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
01 they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
puchases a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale.,
And it is Agreed that the giantee
his
or
my
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchase
executois, administiatois, or assigns, or any person or persons in their behalf, may purchase
hens and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
performance or observance of the condition of this deed be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
receive the rents and profits then cof
and my
And for the consideration aforesaid I, Ida M. Wells wife of said Henry G. Wells
do hereby release unto the said giantee
In Witness Whereof,
hereunto set
our
eight hundied and ninety- mine
Signed, sealed and delivered
'the
in presence of
L. F. Hardy
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
and
his
We
the said
heins and assigns all night of or to both DOWER and HOMESTEAD in the granted premises
Henry G. Wello'y Ida M. Wells
hand $ and seals this I wenty first
Hampden SS. January 23rd
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Received
1899
day of
January
Henry G. Wells
Ida M. Wells
Then personally appeared the above-named
free act and deed, before me-
Jany, 23" 1899
and registered from the orginal
Attest
in the year one thousand
+ Seal
Y
Seal
Henry G. Wells
Leonard F. Hardy
2. James P. Nello
Justice of the Peace
Register.
1
L