339
|
Know all Men by these Presents, that, Acknowledne Satisfaction and
Albert B Woodward of Springfield, Massachusetts
in consideration of One hundred thirteen dallove
paid by A.Griffith of said Springfield, Mass
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
said
f
(
hereby a mortgage.
Amuzo Griffith
120
July 25,1899
Witness
L.G. Fuller
My undivided interest under the will of my father Wm. B. Woodward who died
May 1st 1894 into the follouring described foroperty' Beginning on the Southerly
13
the
side of Marble street at a fiunt distant Earterly 249 feet from the center of an arch
over the Town Brook so called as it was May 23, 18724 running thence Westerly or
South Westerly by sand street soft; thence Southerly tout right angles with sand
street about 118ft to land formerly of Horace Smith, chance Northeasterly by sand
Smith 50% to feet to land now or late of one Elliott, thence northerly 1227% to feet to a
stone monument at the point of beginning Being easterly one half of land conveyed
to Wm. B. Woodward by Augusta C. Elliott by Deed recorded in Book 294 Page 234
To Have and to hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
greffuch
g
And
hens and assigns that
and heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever
and heus, executors and administrators, cOVENANT with the giantee
and his
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbiances
"hereby for myself
that
have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid; and that
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee and
or
will and
y
hens, executors, and administrators,
heirs and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
,
or hus
five monches
Provided Revertheless that if >
heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
executors, administrators of assigns the sum of One hundred thirteen dollars in
In
-mate of even date for $13
stated in a
years from this date, with interest somi annually at the-into-of
per-cent per annum, and until such payment shall
pay · all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted promises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby;
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fire in a sum not less than
dollars, for the benefit of the giantoo and
executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insmance othees as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expuation of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to
or them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so exping; and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted piemises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,—then
this deed, as also
note of even date herewith signed by w
whereby
giantee or order the said pimcipal sum and instal ments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void
01
promise to pay to the
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
executois, administrators, or
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said Springfield
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
Springfield and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchaseis absolutely and in fee-simple; and such sale shall
forever bar me and all persons claiming under me fiom all right and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity And
out of money arising from such sale the grantee or his
representatives shall be cutitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then or thereafter payable, meluding all costs, changes, and experises incurred or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance oi
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus,
any, to me
heirs or assigns, and I hereby,
for s and
may
hens and assigns, covenant with the grantee and my
hens, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
o they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser of
purchasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale.
And it is Agreed that the grantee
'
or his
01 my
exeoutois, administrators, or assigns; or any person or persons in then behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed thing
hers and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
receive the rents and profits thereof
And for the consideration aforesaid J, Catherine & Woodward wifeof said Albert B. Woodward
do hereby release unto the said grantee
In Witness Whereol,
hereunto set
ཆུང་༥-
eight hundied and minety-nine
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
Arthur H. Woodward
and
and
hand and seal this
hus
heirs and assigns all right of or to both DOWER and HOMESTEAD in the granted premises
the said Albert B.W. odwarded Catherine E. W. dward
twenty fursat
day of February
in the year one thousand
Albert B. Woodward Areali
Catherine E. Woodward real
Then personally appeared the above-named Albert B. Woodward
free act and deed, before me
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Hamfiden 88. February213
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
1899
Feb 25,
Received
1899 and registered from the original
ruvin
is R.
B. Wells
Attest.
2. Janu
Justice of the Peace
Register.
1