489
Know all Men by these Presents, thats
Lula A. Allen of firing field, Hampden County, Common-
wealth of Massachusetts
in consideration of Eight hundred and fufity dollars
paid by WJ. Callender of said firingfield
9.
See Discharge, Fr. 6'30°g 301
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, giant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
said Callen
A certain lot of land with the building's thereon lying on the northwesterly aide
of Church street in said. Ipringfield bounded as follows to wit: Beginning on
said side of said street at the Southwesterly
corner of land of J. C. Boynton
and running thence Douchwesterly by said Street fifty feet: - thence north.
westerly in a line fearabled with the Douthwesterly line of land of said Boynton
about one hundred and fifty feet to land sufifiased to be of one Wands; thence
Northeasterly by last named land and in same course continued fifty feet ar
more to land of said Boynton; thence Southeasterly by raid Boynton's land about
151 feet to the place of beginning Being the same feremises described in a mort-
corded in Hampden County Requstry of Deeds Book 481 Page 420
To Have and to Hold the granted piemises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
and heirs and assigns, to theu own use and behoof forever
hereby for myself
and
And
heus and assigns that
I am
except a mortgage to Sferen
,000
hens, executors and administi ators, COVENANT with the grantee and his
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the gianted_premises, that they are free from all incumbiances
Эак Savings of"
that
have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that
will and my hens, executors, and administrators,
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee
heirs and assigns for ever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons.
except those
ing under savo mortgage
Provided Nevertheless that if
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of
ܡܝ ܺ and
, or my
heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
hundred and fifty.
cars
or
his
'
on demand
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the late of
Jix
琳
--
per cent. per annum, and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the gianted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby;
shall keep the buildings on said piemises insured against fire in a sum not less than
windr
and fifty
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee and
executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expuation of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to hum or them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expuing, and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,―then
this deed, as also my
note of even date herewith signed by med 6. L. Allen' whereby
giantee
01 hes
-
promise to pay to the
executors, administiatois, or
or order the said principal sum and instalments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void.
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said firing field
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
Springfield and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple, and such sale shall
2 and all persons claiming under me fiom all night and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity. And
out of money aising from such sale the grantee 01 his
iepiesentatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then on thereafter payable, including all costs, changes, and expenses inculled on sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to me
or my heirs or assigns, and d
hereby,
for myself
and my
hens and assigns, covenant with the giantee and his
hens, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
purchases a deed oi deeds of release confirming such sale.
foièvei bai
And it is Agreed that the grantee
'
01 his
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in their behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
receive the ients and profits thereof.
And for the consideration aforesaid
do hereby release unto the said guanteo
In Witness Whereol,
my
hereunto set
eight hundred and ninety- mine
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
F.&. Carpenter
and my hens and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted piemises and
hons and assigns all right of or to both DOWER and HOMESTRAD In the granted promises.
била
Lula A Allen (unmarried)
and
J
the said
hand
and seal
this tenth
day of March
Lulu A Allen seat
in the year one thousand
Justice of the Peace
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Hampden SS.
189
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Aferil 3
Then personally appeared the above-named Lula A. Allen
her.
free act and deed, before me--
F.6. Carpenter
Received
April 3,
189 and registered from the original
Attest.
B. Wells.
Register