Stamp. 25фес.
I
131
Know all Men by these Presents, that . for the muit
Mary M. Parker of Stoughton Norfolk County, Massachusetts. In Mouth, 611 Page 312-33
in consideration of
I welve Hundred fifty dollars
Fly
See Discharge, Be
650
238
paid by Freeman 3. Patter of Stafford Solland County Connecticut
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, giant, baigain, sell and convey unto the
said
Freeman F. Patten
A certain tract of land with the buildings thereon situated on the Southivesterly
side of North Main Street in Palmer, Hampden County Massachusetts, bounded
north westerly corner of lot number
and described as
17or
on a
follows:- Beginning at the north westerly
plan of Prentice B. Moore recorded in Hampden County registry Book
547 Page 601. thence south westerly at right angles with said streeted on said lot No.1 7
185 feet to the Ware River branch of the Boston & Albany Rail Road, thence northwesterly on said
rail road 50 feet & finches to lot No. 19 on said plan, thence mortheasterly in line parallel with
the first mentioned line 193 feet to said, street, thence on said street to the place of beginning. the premises being lot No. 18 on said plan,
To Have and to Hold the
Freeman the granted premises, with all the puvileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
and is heirs and assigns, to then own use and behoof forever
And + hereby for
1
hens and
that
assigns
that
myzelf
I Jaln
and
mheus, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the grantee
and his
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances
I
have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the giantee and his
Provided Nevertheless that if
I
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of
in
I
will and
me heus, executors, and administrators,
hens and assigns for ever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons.
or my heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
or
'
his
I welve Hundred & fifty dollars on demand
five
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of
per cent. per annum, and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the glanted premises or on any interest therein 01 on the debt secured hereby,
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against five in a sum not less than to the satisfaction of the
dellas, for the benefit of the grantee and his executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
grantee and
and, at least two days before the expuation of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to him. or them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expuing, and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained, then
this deed, as also
note of even date herewith signed by
whereby
а
me
grantee or order the said principal sum and mstallments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void.
01
hes
'
promise to pay to the
But upon aup default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
executors, administrators, oi
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
Palmer
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
Palmer
forever bai
and may convey the same by proper deed on deeds to the purchaser or purchaseis absolutely and in fee-simple, and such sale shall
he
and all persons claiming unde me
from all light and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity And
out of money ausing from such sale the giantee 01 fuis representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then on thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses mourred or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance oi
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if anỹ, to
for myself
and my heus and assigns, covegant,
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
puu chasers a deed oi deeds of release confirming such
And it ts Agreed that the grantee
or
'
sgle
Pus
shall
it with the
and or my heus or assigns, and
me
hereby,
giantee
heurs, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
o they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in then behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
and my
hers and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
receive the rents and profits thereot
And for the consideration aforesaid
do hereby release unto the said grantee and
Ju Witness Whereof,
hereunto set
my
hand
the said
and seal
this
nine
eight hundied and ninety-
Signed, sealed and delivered
In presence of
George W. Ely
COMMONWEALTH OF MASS
ASSACHUSETTS,
Hampden $8
hens and assigns all right of or to both Down and HOMESTEAD in the granted premises.
Mary M. Parker (widow)
sixth
day of
January
Mary M. Parker
in the year one thousand
ન
Seal
Then personally appeared the above named Mary M Parker
Jamiary
61899
1899 her
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Received
Jany, 13th
free act and deed, before me-
1899 and registered from the original
Attest
George W Ely
es P. Wells
Justice of the Peace
Register.