Ί
■>>
Stamps 754+c
Know all Men by these Presents, that &,
Noi Horenstain of Springfield, Hampden County, Massachusetts
m consideration of twenty five hundred Dollars
paid. by Charles S. Allen of song meadow, in oaid County
whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, giant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
the Charles 8. Allen
said
The Cliolzament
841810
203
See Bischarge, P. 860 $393
a lot of land with the buildings thereon situated in said Springfield bounded" described as
follows: beginning at the southeast corner of the farming on the north line of Allen street "drun.
ming thence by land of Saving Allen North 5° East 39 rods & 9 links thence South 78° E. 7 8 rods 11 links:
thence South 8844° East 20 rodo 14 links to the corner of a wood lot. thence North 6-20 rods | Blinks:
thence South 86"/4° E. 1 Hrods 12 links: thence North 2% ° ε 58 rods 15 links: thence North
2
0
་
8%%% | 96 rods; thence North 6º E 43 rods, 22 links, thence North 88° W. by land of Sharon
Chapin 2 Brods 5 links. thence North 1'3" East 5rods to Plum Tree road; thence by paid road North 13%
W. 37 rods, thence South 4.° West partly by a ditch 4.9 rods: thence South 85% East 19 rods 18 links; thence
South 6¼° W 83 rods blinks on Charles G. Howard'sland to Allen street: thence on said street South 74° East
24 rodo to a point opposite the southwest corner of
of the dwelling house on the premuses; thence on said street South 81° East Grods
19 lucks to the place of beginning The above description being from a survey made by Sleman Smuth in 188H, allowance to be made for
variation of the needle. Bring the premises conveyed to me by Harriet & Stevens by deed dated March 10 1897 recorded at the Registry of Deeds for said County
of Hampden libro 562 Poles 121% subject to a mortgage of $5000 to the Springfield, Five Cents Savings Bank.
To Hape and to hold the granted piemises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
Chgirles
arles S. Allen
And ngerler
hereby for
heus and assigns that
and
his hens and assigns, to the own use and behoof forever
and my heirs, executors and administi atois, COVENANT with the grantee
and
his
mysey for lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbiances
except sand mortgage
that
have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee
except
as to said mortgage
Provided Nevertheless that if
> or
and his
Д
will and my hens, executors, and administrators,
hguis and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons.
pay
unto the grantee
, or his
this date
my heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall
executois, administrators or assigns the sum of twenty five hundred dollars in instalments of one hundred
dollars or more in my option at the end
each sex months
in
seven
satisfactorily to and
From
pears from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of
per cent per annum; and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby,
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against file in-a-sum not loss than
dollars, for the benefit of the giantee and his
executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expiration of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to him on them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expuing, and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of covenant herein contained,-then
this deed, as also
one
note of even date herewith signed by
giantee or order the said principal sum and instal'ments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void
me
me
whereby
any
his
Spring field
01
'
promise to pay to the
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
executors, administrators, or
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
Springfield and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchaseis absolutely and in fee-simple; and such sale shall
torevei bai
and all persons claiming under
fiom all night and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity. And
out of money aising from such sale the grantee
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses inculied or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to
heirs or assigns,
hereby,
hens and assigns, cogenant with the grantee and
hens, executois, administrators, and assigns that, in
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
o they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
'
for myself
me
his
and my
purchasers a deed oi deeds of release confirming such salg
And it is Agreed that the grantee
his
01
me
01
his
my
and
£
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in then-behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as 'aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
hens and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
receive the ients and profits thereof.
and my
And for the consideration aforesaid I, Gussie Horenstein wife of the said Noi Horenstein
do hereby release unto the . giantee
In Witness Whereof,
hereunto set
eight hundied and ninety
Signed, sealed and delive
in presence of
Ralph W. Elles
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Hanipden ss.
1
and
Pris
чие
including
heirs and assigns all right of or to both DOWER and HOMESTEAD In the granted premises
the said nor Horenstein and Gussie Horenstein.
hands and seals this twenty
"twenty fifth
day of January
January
Nor Horenstein
Gussie Vorenstun
in the year one thousand
Seal ..
Seal
Noi Horenstein the above named grantor
251899
Then personally appeared
his
free act and deed, before me-
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Received
Jany 25°
1899 and registered from the original
Attest
Ralph W Elles
B. Wells
Justice of the Peace.
Register