140
ас
Stamp 25¢ ac
1. Acknowledge Satisfaction and
hereby discharge this Mortgage David Alton Hart of Chester, Hampden County, Massachusetts
Charles Abbey
now all Men by these Presents, that
Oct. 2, 1901
Witness Les. Fuller
in consideration of
Fifteen hundred dollars
pard by Charles C. Abbey of Chicopee in said County
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, giant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
sard Charles C. Abbey
a lot of land with the buildings thereon in Chicopee Falls in said Chicopee bounded'
described as
follows.
bequnning at the northeast corner
on
of the premises
the westerly side of Southwick street and running thence Westerly on land formerly
of said Abbey 92 38 feet: thence southerly on other land formerly of said Abbey 13.09 feet:
thence easterly by other land formerly of said Abbey 71.33 feet to Southwick street"; thence
northerly on
, Southwick street 70 feet to the place of beginning. being lot No 75 on said Abbeys
plan of lots recorded in the Registry of Deeds for said county 4 being the same premises conveyed to
said Abbey by Mary J. Dayton, Bloomfield H. Dayton 4 Chester & Dayton bydeed dated October 2014 1895 recorded in said
Registry lib OHO fol. 33
To Have and to Hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
A Charles C. Abbey
heirs and
that
assigns
and his heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever
and his
and my heus, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the grantee
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbiances
hereby for myself
J'am'
9
that
have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid; and that
and his
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee
Provided Nevertheless that if
д
д
will and my
hens, executors, and administrators,
hens and assigns for ever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
, or my heirs, executors, administrators or assigns,
shall
grantee
pay unto the
or
his
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of Ifteen hundred dollars, payable twenty five dollars six
mos from date 24" 25-every six mos thereafter until faid
sux
per cent. per annum, and until such payment shall
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the late of
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the gianted piemises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby,
Fifteen hundred
shall keep the buildings on said premises insued against fire in a sum not less than
and his
executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
dollars, for the benefit of the giantee
and, at least two days before the expiration of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to humor them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
whereby
of the one so exping, and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the gianted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,―then
this deed, as also my note of even date herewith signed by
giantee or order the said principal sum and instal ments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void.
me
or
'
-
promise to pay to the
his executors, administrators, oi
this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the giantee
Subje pe
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remai
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for thiee successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
"County. and may convey the same by proper deed oi deeds to the purchaser or purchaseis absolutely and in fee-simple; and such sale shall
from all night and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity And
and all persons claiming under e
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secuied by this deed, whether
then on thereafter payable, including all costs, chaiges, and expenses inculled or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to
me
forever bar
out of money ausing from such sale the giantec
for myself.
ΟΙ
hris
heirs and assigns, covenant
and my
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
purchasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale,
And it is Agreed that the grantee
, 01
Pris
at any sale made as afoi esaid, and that no other purchaser shall
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
receive the rents and profits thereof
And for the consideration aforesaid
do hereby release unto the said grantee
In Witness Whereof,
hereunto set
our
eight hundied and ninety-
mine
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
me
with the grantee
and
my
his
heus or assigns, and
f
hereby,
hers, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
on they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
executois, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in then behalf, may purchase
be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
and my
heirs and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
I, Fannie A. Hart wife of said David Alton Hart
and his
чое
the said
heirs and assigns all night of or to both DOWER and HOMESTEAD in the granted premises
David Alton Hart and Fannie A. Hart
hand and seal S this
Theodore F. Dwight to Dast{
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Hampden ss
Jan. 12
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
11 ch
David Alton Hart
day of
jammie
any
in the year one thousand
Seal
Seal
Fannie A. Hart
1899 Then personally appeared the above-named David Alton Hart
free act and deed, before me
hris
Received
Jany,
14th,
189
19
and registered from the original
Attest.
"Theodore F. Dwight
Cat.
B. Nello
Justice of the Peace.
Register.