#49.5% acd
449
Know all Men by these Presents, thats, Acknowledge Satisfaction and
hereby discharge this Mortgage.
Andrew B Wallace of Springfield, Hampden County, Massachusetts
in consideration of One Hundred Thousand Dollars
paid by Charles S. Marsh, of said Springfield,
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, giant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
arles S
said
ersh
>
Chuch C. Glinson
Executor of Estate of
Charles F. Marsh
witness to Jordan June 10.1907
a certain tract of land, with the buildings thereon, situated on the south-west-
erly corner of main and Vernon streets, in said Springfield, bounded and!
described as follows, to wit:- Bounded northerly by said Vernon street about
two hundred (200) feet, Easterly by main street about ninety nine and one-half
(1995) feet; Southerly by land of Mrs. Goodman and land of Emerson Gaylord,
and Westerly by my own land, conveyed to me by D L.Swan.
Being the san
same premises conveyed to AB Forbes, Joel S Marsh, Charles & Marsh,
and myself, by deed of William S Bartlett, Administrator of the es state of
Hillman B. Barnes, dated May 18, 1876, and recorded in Hampiden Registry of
Deeds in Book 336, Page 308 And being, also, the same firemises described in
a deed f.
rom said Marsh to me dated this day
To Have and to Hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
i
les S. Marish
And g
hereby for myself
and his
and
heins and assigns, to then own use and behoof forever
hens and assigns that
that g have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee
and his
heirs, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the grantee
and his
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances
will and my hens, executors, and administrators,
hens and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
Provided Nevertheless that if
or
'
my
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of One H.
heus, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the giantce
nored Thousand Dollars,
on
hus
demand,
ΟΙ
班
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of four (4)
-
per cent per annum; and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted piemises or on any interest thelem, or on the debt secured hereby,
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fue in a sum not less than thirty thousand
dollars, for the benefit of the giantee and
executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expuation of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to him or them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expuing; and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,―then
this deed, as also
note of even date herewith signed by me
whereby
giantee
me
oi oide the said principal sum and instal ments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void.
promise to pay to the
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the giantee , 01
hris executois, administiatois, or
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thei eon, by public auction in said Stringfield
forever bai
me
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
Springfield and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchaseis absolutely and in fee-simple, and such sale shall
and all persons claiming under me from all night and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity And
out of money arising from such sale the grantee 01 his
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses incurred or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance oi
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to me
01 my heus or assigns, and I do
for mys
hereby,
and my
hens and assigns, covenant with the giantee and his hens, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
purchasers a deed oi deeds of release confirming such sale.
And it is Agreed that the giantee
'
01 his
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchase or
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in then behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed g
receive the rents and profits thereof
And for the consideration aforesaid
do hereby release unto the said grantee
In Witness Whereol, we
our
hereunto set
eight hundred and ninety- mine
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
and my heirs and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
Madora Wallace wife of said Andrew B. Wallace
and hus
the said And
hands and seals this
dmund P. Kendrick
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
March 24
Hampden ss
heirs and assigns all night of or to both DOWLR and HOMESTEAD in the granted premises
Walladora
indre
24th
A B. Wallace
day of
Oreal
معمل الجمجمه
March
Madora V Wallace escal
1899
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
in the year one thousand
Then personally appeared the above-named Andrew B Wallace
fice act and deed, before me―
Edmund P Kendrick
Received March 24, 1899 and 1egistered from the original
Attest.
B. Wells
Justice of the Peace
Register.