+2
T
Rec & July 1, 1896 2nd Reg³± from the original...
-Attest Ja
* Jan
B. Wells
"J. & Greanery Know all Men by these. I
Jo
...Register...
Know-all Men by these Presents, That I, Thomas F. Greaney of
Stolyoke Stampden county Massachusetts. The Grantee mentioned.
J. M. Brown Trustees in the Deed of mortgage dated May 24, 18.96 and recorded in Hamp-_-
den County, Mass., Registry of Aleeds, Book 539 Page 24 in considera
tion of Five Hundred Dollars, paid by J. M. Brown Trustee of
Springfield in the County of Hampden and State of Massachusetts.
the receipt where of I do hereby acknowledge, do hereby sell.
sign, and transfer unto the said J.M. Brown Trustee the afore-
said Deed of Mortgage, and all my right, title and interest, in
and to the Real Estate therein conveyed, with the note therein
described...
To
as.
To Have and to Hold the same to the said IM Brown Trustee his
Stairs and assigns, to their use and be hoof forever; free from all
claim or interference of me, the said Thomas F. Greaney or any
rson claiming by, from or under._._._.
person
In Witness. Whereof I hereunto set my hand and seal this
first day of July in the year of
ninety-five.
Executed in the presence of
John R. Callahan
our
Lord eighteen hundred and
Thomas - Greanery--
--Seal
Hampden SS. August 1st 1895. Then the above named Thomas.
F. Greaney_acknowledge the above instrument to be his free
act_and_deed before.
me..
John R. Callahan: Justice of the Peace.
"Rec." July 1, 1896" 4 Reg" from the original.
Attest James R. Wile.
Register...
J. F. Greaney. Know all Mess by these Presents, That I. Thomas F. Greaney of
Holyoke, Hampden County, Massachusetts. The granter mentioned
J. M. Brown Trustering the bleed of Mortgage giver big faslian Walton dated Sept 26th
1.893 and recorded in Hampden County, Mass., Registry of bleeds,
Books & Pages#bin: consideration of Five Hundred $500 Dollars,...
-paid by J. M. Brown trustee Springfield in the County of Hamp-
den and State of Massachusetts the receipt where of I do here-
by acknowledge, do hereby sell, assign and trans for unto the
said J. M. Brown trustee the aforesaid Deed of Mortgage, and
all
my right, title and interest, in and to the Real Estate
conveyed,
with the note therein describeds.
therein
F