176
1 Acknowledge Satisfaction and
g
Know all Men by these Presents, that 8
hereby discharge this Mortgage. Frederick D. Parker of Springfield, Hampden County, Massachusetts
Home shock
March 311900.
Witness R Martensen
in consideration of
Five Hundred Dollars
paid by Clarence E. Hitchcock of said Springfield
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged do heleby give, giant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
Clarence & Idi
said
A certain lot of land with the buildings thereon situated on the southerly side of Tyler street
in said Spring field bounded & described as follows: bounded Northerly by said Tyler street
forty (NO) feet: Westerly by land of Thomas M. 4 Annie Colligan about one hundred of thirteen
(13) feet: Southerly by land now or formerly of one Mc Phee forty (4.0) feet 4 Easterly by land.
formerly of Otis Sykes about one hundred and thirteen (113) feet
Mow or
Being the premises conveyed to
me
by Albert A. Ball, Trustee by deed dated April 29,1897
recorded at the Registry of Deeds for said County of Hampden, libro 562 folio 486.
To Have and to Hold the fchcock with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
flarence
And
and us
hens and assigns, to then own use and behoof forever
and my heus, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the grantee
and his
hereby for mysexy daw lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbiances
heirs and assigns that
that
д
will and my hens, executors, and administrators,
heirs and assigns for ever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that
shall WARRANT and defend the same to the giantee and his
Provided Nevertheless that if
executois, administrators or assigns the sum of
*n
6
, or my
heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
, or
Pus
five hundred dollars on demand
five
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of
per cent per annum; and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby;
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against file in a sum notless than satisfactorily to and
dollars, for the benefit of the giantee and his
executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
hew on them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
and, at least two days before the expiation of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to
of the one so expuing, and shall not commit or suffer any stup or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,―then
one
Me
this deed, as also
note of even date herewith signed by
whereby
giantee oi oider the said piincipal sum and instal inents of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void
01
his
promise to pay to the
executois, administrators, or
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
tist publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
field
Me
and may convey the same by proper deed oi
and all persons claiming under me
his
forever bat
out of money arising from such sale the grantee or
Springfield
Spring-
deeds to the purchaser or purchaseis absolutely and in fee-simple; and such sale shall
And
fiom all night and interest in the granted piemises, whether at law or in equity
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, changes, and expenses incurred or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or
me
ສ
hens or assigns; and
hereby,
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to
heirs and assigns, covenant with the giantee and
hens, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
for mysel
and my
covenant
01
his
my
purchasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in their behalf, may purchase
And it is Agreed that the grantee , or
shal
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money; and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
heirs and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
receive the rents and profits thereof
And for the consideration aforesaid
do hereby release unto the sand grantee
In Witness Whereof,
hereunto set
our
eight hundred and ninety mine
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
Ralph W. Ello
and
чие
and my
I. Elizabeth Parker wife of the said Frederick D.Parker
hes
the sund
hand and seal S this mineteenth
heirs and assigns all lights, including 144 DOWER and
"Frederick D. Parker" 4 Elizabeth Parker in the granted premises
day of January
Fredric D. Parker
0
Seal
Elizebth Parker
Seal
CON OF appeal de
の
in the year one thousand
January 19, 1809. Then personally appeased Frederick D. Parker the above mamed grantor
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
free act and deed, before me
Ralph W. Elles
Received
Jany 19"
189'
99 and registered from the onginal
Janes
Attest.
B. Wells
Justice of the Peace.
Register.
All
•
'
་
着
1