27]
tam
Know all Men by these Presents, that w
we
379
Acknowledge Satisfaction and
James H. Maloney red Mary & Maloney, husband wife, Both hereby discharge this Mortgage
of Springfield, Hampden County, Massachusetts
in consideration of Five thousand Dollars
paid by Hattie (Long of said Springfield
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, giant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
ес бола
said
as. 2. L
Tire aty.
P. a. 567 2298.
Witness S. G. Fuller
June 14, 1901
situated in said Sfering field and
a lot of land with the buildings thereon
bounded as follows. beginning on the northeasterly side of Central street
at land formerly of Baldwin, now of one Leary and running xhence Easterly
on said Leary's land seventy six to (766) feet: chence northerly on one Wood's
land in a line which if extended would be at right-angles with Cedar
• Street, fifty four (54) feet: thence Westerly in a straight line about one
hundred and fifty (150) feet to a feant in the northeasterly line of Central
street distant ninety (90) feet from the place of bequnning!
and thence South.
easterly on Central street ninety (90) feet to the place of beginninga
Being the premises conveyed to us by William H Dexter by deed dated
March 2, 1899 recorded at the Registry of Deeds for said County of Hampden
To Have and to hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
Наше с бата
And hereby for ourselver
heirs and assigns that
عدد that
A Que
and her heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever
and our hens, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the giantee
and her
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances
have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the giantee and her
e or
aur
'
'
or
her
will and our hens, executors, and administrators,
hens and assigns for ever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons.
Provided Nevertheless that if
heus, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the giantee
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of five thousand dollars on-demand, ferencifial interest
prayable in gold coin of the United States of the present standard of wers and
fines ssar the equivalent of it's market value in other united States m
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of
per cent per annum, and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby,
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fire in a sum not less than
satisfactorily to and
dollars, for the benefit of the giantee and her
executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expiation of any policy on said piemises, shall deliver to her on them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expuing, and shall not commit o suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,―then
this deed, as also one note of even date herewith signed by us
whereby
giantee
all
بعيدي
01
her
'
promise to pay to the
or oide the said principal sum and instal ments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void.
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
executois, administiatois, or
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said St field
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
Springfield and may convey the same by proper deed oi deeds to the purchaser or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple; and such sale shall
forever bai 33 and all persons claiming under Aus from all night and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity. And
out of money arising from such sale the giantee
01 her
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then on thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses incuned on sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance oi
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if
any, to e
01heus or assigns, and wor hereby,
for ourselvers and our hens and assigns, covenant with the grantee and her hens, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
01 they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
purchases a deed oi deeds of release confi ming such sale
And it is Agreed that the grantee
01 her
executois, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in their behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed we
hens and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
receive the ients and profits thereof
And for the consideration aforesaid
de horoby taloase unto the said grantee and
In Witness Whereof,
hereunto set
our
eight hundred and ninety-nine
Signed, sealed and delivered
In presence of
we
and our
hous and assigns all night of or to both DOWER and HOMESTEAD in the granted premises
loney Mary & Maloney
day of March
the said James Hr
hand and seal this second
mes H Maloney seal
Clarence A Burt by bath
Mary J. Maloney Iseal
1899
in the year one thousand
Then personally appeared fames H. Maloney & Mary & Maloney the above named
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Hamfeden Ss. March yo
grantors and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be ther
Received
free act and deed, before me-
March 8, 1899 and registered from the original
>
Attest
larence A Burt,
Maine James
B. Wells.
Justice of the Peace
Register