123
for
Know all Men by these Presents, that a, this charge
Everett A. Perce of West Springfeld Hampden County
Massachusetts
m consideration of Six Hundred Dollars
paid by Mary A. Lincoln of Warren in the County of Worcester_
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, db hereby give, giant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
said Mary A. Lincoln
Book 685
Au Ark bos Page 345
A certain tract of land with the buildings there on situated in West Springfield
i
County of Hampden & Commonwealth of Massachusetts, bounded described as follows
formerly Eli S.Bango minety-six %
to wit:
Bounded northerly by land now or
•twelfth (96%) feet, easterly by Bosworth Street fifty (50) feat. Southerly by land,
now or
formerly of or
one
Sibley minety Seven and six twelfth (91%) feet, and westerly
one
Hermon Smith and others fifty (50) feet known
the Bart-
as
by land formerly of
lett Place.
To Have and to hold the granted piemises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
Mary
a. Lincoln
And I do hereby for my self
and her heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever
and my heus, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the grantee
Jam
except a mortgage for $1000. held bylawfully seized in fee-sample of the granted
Massachusetts Mutical s
heirs and assigns that
J
Ich Gusurance.
and her
are fiee from all incumbrances
Company
my heirs, executors, and administrators,
heirs and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
have good right to sell and convey the same as aforesaid; and that I will and
' that
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee
except
as
aforesaid
Provided Nevertheless that if
and
Prer
or
'
my
heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
Hundred Dollars on demand
her
or
years
from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of
Six
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of
per cent per annum, and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby,
one thous and
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against file in a sum not less than
dollars, for the benefit of the giantee and her
executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
her oi them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
and, at least two days before the expuation of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to
of the one so expiring, and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,―then
this deed, as also
note of even date herewith signed by
giantee oi oider the said principal sum and instal ments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void
له
me
whereby
01
her
promise to pay to the
executors, administrators, oi
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
assigns may SLLL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
West Springfield
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said Hampden
County and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple, and such sale shall
forever bai me and all persons claiming under
fiom all night and interest in the gianted premises, whether at law or in equity. And
iepiesentatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
out of money aising from such sale the grantee
any default m the performance oi
then on thereafter payable, mcluding all costs, charges, and expenses incuried or sustained by them by reason of
hereby,
my hens or assigns; and
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to
and
hens, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
fol
me
or
her
me
myself and my heirs and assigns, covenant with the grantee
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
purchasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale.
And it is Ngreed that the grantee
, 01
her
S
Οι
her
مة
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in then behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money; and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
receive the rents and profits thereof
and my
hens and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
And for the consideration aforesaid I Josephine Ht. Pierce wife of the said Everett A. Purce
do hereby release unto the said giantee
and her
heus and assigns all right of or to both DOWER and HOMESTEAD in the granted premises.
hands and seal S this eleventh
In Witness Whereof, we
hereunto set
our
eight hundied and ninety-nine
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
A. W. Lincoln
COMMONWEALTH OF Mỵ
Hampden
SS
HUSFITS,
11th
January
and acknowledged the foregoing institment to be
Received
the said Everett G. Piercey Josephine St. Pierce have
day of January
Everett a Perce
in the year one thousand
• Seal
Josephine St Pierce & Seal
Then personally appeared the above-named Everett A. Price
free act and deed, before
Albert W. Lincoln
1899
Pris
Jany. 12×
189'
19
and registered from the original
Attest
James
Jam B. Nello
Justice of the Peace.
Register