1
182
"For Discharge
Jee Book bol Page 577
Know all Men by these Presents, that
Emile Fournier of Holyokee in the County of Hamplenty Commonwealth of Masoci.
chusetts
In consideration of Two Hundred " Swenty Five Dollars
paid by E.. Draper of said Holyoke
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, giant, bargain, sell and convey_unto the
baid Draper
his heirs or as
assigns
A certain parcel of land situate on the southerly side of Dry Bridge Road formerly called
Ferry Road in the village of Aldenville in the City of Chicopee in said County of Hampden,
it being lot No 47 on the plot of lands of E. M. Alden, recorded in the Registry of Deeds
for said Hampden County libro 507, folio 602, ³d bounded northerly by said Dry Bridge Poad one hun-
•dred (100) feet: Easterly byland formerly of E. M Alden that being lot No 46 on said plot of lands
southerly by land
now ov
Mow or
formerly of one tennedy one hundred (100) feet: "I westerly by land now or formerly
of one Goteau, it being lot No. 48 on said plot of lands: the same being the premises conveyed to me by Edward M.
Alden by deed dated July 3d 1895% recorded in said Hampden County Registry in Book 536 Page 211.
To have and to Hold he granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
And I raper
hereby for
myself
heirs and assigns that
and his heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever.
and my heirs, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the grantee
and his
Jam lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbiances
д
will and
my heirs, executors, and administi ators,
hens and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
बे
that
have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee and s
or my
heirs, executors, administrators or assigns,
shall pay unto the grantee
, or
Pris
Provided Nevertheless that if
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of Two Hundredy Jujenty Five Dollars On demand after six months
from this date, without interest for said six months, but with interest after said six months,
111-
years from this date, with interest somi annually at the rate of
per cont per annum, and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest theiem, or on the debt secured hereby,
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fire in a sum not less than
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee and his
executois, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expuation of any policy on said piemises, shall deliver to him or them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expiring, and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,―then
me
whereby
this deed, as also my note of even date herewith signed by
grantee or order the said principal sum and installments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void.
or
01
his
'
promise to pay to the
Chicopee
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
executors, administrators, or
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that
I may be thereon, by public auction in said
Chicopee
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
and may convey the same by proper deed oi deeds to the purchase or purchaseis absolutely and in fee-simple, and such sale shall
forever bar me
and all persons claiming under me from all night and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity. And
out of money arising from such sale the grantee his
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whethe
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses incurred or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance oi
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to me
heus or assigns,
for myself
and
hereby,
hens and assigns, covenant with the giantee and
hen's, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchase or
purchases a deed oi deeds of release confirming such sale.
And it is Agreed that the grantee
and my
01
ว
his
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
receive the rents and profits thereof
And for the consideration aforesaid
do hereby release unto the ward grantee
In Witness Whereof,
my
hereunto set
eight hundied and ninety- mine
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
Orpher E. Genest
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Hampden
SS
6
or
his
my
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in then behalf, may punchase
shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
and my
heins and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
hers and assigns all night of or to both DOWER and HOMESTEAD in the granted premises.
And
the said
hand
and seal
this twentieth
"January 20" 1809 P. T
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Received
Jany 20th
Emile Fourmer being unmarried
day of
January
Emile Fournier
Then personally appeared the above-named
free act and deed, before me-
1899 and registered from the original
Attest.
• Seal
in the year one thousand
Emile Fournier
Orphir E. Genest
2. James R., Nello
Justice of the Peace.
Register.
1