228
1 Acknowledge Satisfaction and
hereby discharge this Mortgage,
Feby 6. 1900.
Know all Men by these Presents, that s.
Soln Parker of Springfield, Hampiden County, Massachusetts
Mrs Ellen M. Trask
Witness P.Martensen.
Till consideration of one hundred twenty five Dollars
pud by Ellen M.Track of said Springfield
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, giant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
said Ellen M. Trash
a certain lot of land situated on Governor street in said Springfield bounded
descubed as follows:- lot known ddesignated as lot number seventeen (17) on..
Ellen M Trask's plan of Governor street recorded in Hampden County Registry
of Deeds book One of Plans, page 30, said lot being further described as
follows - beginning at a paint in the northerly line of Governor street distant
four hundred feet easterly from Armory street running thence Earterly on
Governor street fifty (50) feet; thence northerly at right angles, with Governor
street 106.57 feet, thence Westerly fifty feet, thence Southerly 106.60 feet to the
felace of beginning This mortgage being quen to secure part of the purchase
ferece Being the firemeses conveyed to me by Ellen M Trash by-deed
dated Jan 30, 1899 to be recorded at the Registry of Deeds for said County
of Hamfiden.
To Have and to hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
Ellen M. Traste
and her heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever.
And I hereby for myself
hens and
that
assigns
Jam'
and
my heus, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the giantee and her
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbiances
will and
my
hens, executors, and administrators,
that g have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid; and that g
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee and her hens and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons.
}
Provided Nevertheless that if
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of
, or
my heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee or
one hund
undred twenty five dollars on
her
emand
Live
in
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of
per cent. per annum, and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest theiem, or on the debt secured hereby,
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fire in a sum not less than raatisfactorily to
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee and her executois, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expiration of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to her oi them a new and sufficient policy to take the place.
of the one so expling; and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,—then
this deed, as also one note of even date herewith signed by me
whereby
giantee or order the said principal sum and instal ments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void,
'
promise to pay to the
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee or er executors, administrators, 01
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said Singfield
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
Springfield
and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchase or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple, and such sale shall
forever bar me and all persons claiming under me fiom all night and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity And
out of money anising from such sale the giantee
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
ΟΙ
f
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses inculled or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to me
or my hens or assigns; and
hereby,
for
myself
and my
hers and assigns, covenant with the grantee and her hens, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser on
purchasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale
And it is Agreed that the grantee
'
01 her
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in then behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed J
receive the rents and profits thereof
And for the consideration aforesaid
do hereby release unto the said giantec.
In Witness Whereol,
hereunto set
eight hundred and ninety-nine
Signed, sealed and delivered.
in presence of
Ralph W. Elles
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
and my
hens and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted piemises and
hens and assigns all night of or to both nowER and HOMESTEAD in the granted premises.
the said S. Parker
and
д
hand
and seal
this thirtieth day of January
S. Olin Parker seal
i
in the year one thousand
1
Hamfiden 58 January 30, 1899. Then personally appeared the above-named S Olen Parker the above named grantor
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
his
free act and deed, before me-
Ralph W Elles, Justice of the Peace.
ม
"
Received Jan. 31,
1899 and registered from the original
Attest.
Даши
B. Wells
Register.