Know all Men by these Presents, that §
Lorin S Wood of Springfield, Hampden County, Massachusetts
In consideration of Five Hundred Fifty Dollars.
"y
paid by Charles D. Rood of said Springfield
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, giant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
said Charles D. Rood
and
Im Dis chinas
141
Lu Burkb 13 Page 400
certain real estate situated in said Springfield known designated as lot number
sixty five (65) on a.
in book 548, page 601% being bounded Northerly by Alderman street sixty (60)
feet: Easterly by lot numbered sixty sex (66) on said plan one hundred twenty four
plan of lots recorded in the Registry of Deeds for Hampden County
and 63/100 (124.63) feet: Southerly by lot numbered sixty three (63) or
e by Fred It.
on said plan
sixty (60) feet, and Westerly by lot numbered sixty four (6H) on said plan one hun-
dred twenty four $95%/100 (12N. 58) feet. Being the same premises conveyed to me
Sturtevant by deed dated July 30.1898, recorded in Hampden County Registry of Deeds, book
in said deed, Subject also to a mortgage of $2000 to Bridget M Deady.
578, page 414, 34 subject to the restrictions set forth
To Have and to hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
Grarles D. Rord
and his heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever
administrators, COVENANT
And
hens and
hereby for
assigns that
and his
my self Jam and my neus, executors and the granted pourises, that they are free from all incumbiances
except said mortgage "drestrictions
that
d
will and my
hens, executors, and administrators,
heirs and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
have good right to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee, and his
except said mortgage a restrictions
I
or
>
my
Provided Nevertheless that if
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of
heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
ΟΙ
his
,
five hundred a fifty dollars on demand
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of
six
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid on assessed, whether on the gianted piemises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby,
per cent. per annum; and until such payment shall
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against five in a sum sot less than
dollars; for the benefit of the grantee
satisfactory to and
executois, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expiation of any policy on said piemises, shall deliver to him or them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expuing; and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained, – then
this deed, as also
grantee
and
note of even date herewith signed by
whereby
01 oider the said puncipal sum and instal ments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void.
01
his
promise to pay to the
executors, administrators, or
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the giantee
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
all
forever bai
Me
out of money arising from such sale the giantee
Ol'
me
Pris
Springfield
Spring-
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
field
and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchase or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple, and such sale shall
and all persons claiming under
fiom all right and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity. And
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses incurred or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to
hens or assigns, and
myself
hereby,
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
purchasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale
fol
and
Me
Οι
my
my hens and assigns, covenant with the grantee and his hens, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
And it is Wgreed that the giantee
ΟΙ
'
his
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchase
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
receive the rents and profits thereof
And for the consideration aforesaid
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in their behalf, may purchase
be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
and my
heus and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
I, Grace A. Wood wife of the said Sorin & Wood
and his
do hereby release unto the said grantee
In Witness Whereof, we
очен
heicunto set
eight hundred and ninety- mie
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
Ralph W. Elles
by L.S. W.
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
the said
heirs and assigns all lights including
Soren & Woodd Grace A. Wood
to both DOWER and HOMESTEAD In the granted premises
hand and seals this fourteenth
day of
Loren S. Wood
Grace A. Wood
Hampdents. January 14, 1899 Then personally appeared the above-named
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
free act and deed, before me
January
• Seal
Seal
in the year one thousand
Lorin S. Wood
his
Received
Jarry 1 46th
189
and registered from the orginal
Attest
Ralph W Ellis
P. Nello
Justice of the Peace
Register
}