6
1 Acknowledge Satisfaction and
hereby discharge this Mortgage,
Palus Farrings Bunk
Dec. 11, 1901
Witness LG Fuller
Know all Men by These Presents, That Wes
John W. Loftius and Mary Loftus of Palmer
D.
In the County of Hampden
and Commonwealth of Massachusetts.
IN CONSIDERATION OF Sixteen Hundred
Dollars, paid by the Palmer Savings
and having its usual place of busines
Beginning at a
corner
in Palmer
Bank
duly
a corporation established by law in
in the County of Hampden and Commonwealth of Massachusetts, the receipt whereof
is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, bargain, sell, and convey unto the said Palmer Savings.
Bank
and its successors and assigns forever, the following described Real Estate, to wit:—
- certain parcel of land, with the buildings thereon and all the rights, privileges, and
appurtenances thereunto appertaining or belonging, lying in Palmer
in said County of Hampden
of land formerly of
one Howard
and bounded and described as follows, to wit:—
on
the westerly side of Com-
on said land formerly of
on said "High
called "High Street" Thence
now
Therce Easterly
on said Clark to said Com-
on said Street about sixty two (62) feet to the place of
mercial Street in the village of Thorndike, Thence westerly
said Howard to the old County road
Street" northerly to land of
H. E. W. Clark,
mercial Street. Thence Southerly
beginning containing about one
fourth of of
the rights of the owners of the property next northerly
the northerly
∙ along the southerly line of the said
line and conveys
ан асче
land. This
conveyance is subject to
driveway along
portion of
in a
all the rights of the grantov
land.
adjoining
a
in that portion of said driveway
Being the same premises conveyed to
"Grantor by Marcus J. Hitchcock by deed dated August 4 1896 % % to be recorded with Registry of Deeds.
To Save and to hold the above granted premises to the said
And
the said Grantor hereof
with the Grantee hereof, its successors and assigns, that
brances; excepting as aforesaid
and assigns forever, as aforesaid; and that
I
anu
will and
Bank
that
for
sel
and
its successors and assigns to their use and behoof forever.
heirs, executors, and administrators, do covenant
lawfully seized in fee simple of the aforegranted premises; that they are.free from all incum-
have a good right to sell and convey the same to said Grantee, its successors
heirs, executors, and administrators shall WARRANT and DEFEND the same to the said Grantee, its
as aforesaid.
Sixteen.
successors and assigns forever, against the lawful claims and demands of all persons.
Provided, Nevertheless, that if
June
We the said
We the said
Grantors
and December
excepting
Hundred
or our heirs, executors,
administrators, or assigns, shall pay unto the said Grantee, at its banking house, or to its order, the sum of
Dollars,
on demand, with interest, at the rate of 5½
per centum
per · annum, payable semi-annually on the
first days of
in each year, and, during the continuance of this mortgage, punctually pay all taxes and assessments, now or
hereafter levied or assessed on said premises, or on said Grantee or its successors or assigns by reason hereof, and keep all buildings,.now or hereafter standing on said
premises, insured against fire, satisfactorily to and for the benefit of said Grantee and its successors and assigns, or, in default of such payment of taxes and assessments or
of effecting such insurance, shall, on demand, pay to said Grantee or its successors or assigns all such sums as it or they shall pay therefor, with interest, and shall not
commit or suffer any strip or waste of the said premises; then this deed, as also a promissory note of even date herewith signed by us. the said Grantors
•Sixteen Hundred
whereby
ше
promise to pay to the said Grantee Por order, the sum of
Dollars, and interest at the times and places aforesaid, shall be void, otherwise in full force.
But if Default shall be made in the performance of the foregoing condition or covenants, or any part thereof, then the said Grantee or its successors or assigns may
sell the aforegranted premises, or such portion or portions thereof as may remain subject hereto (in case of any partial release hereof), either as a whole or in separate parcels,
and at one time or at different times, as it or they may elect, with all the improvements that may be thereon, at public auction, in said
Palmer
it or they first publishing notice of such sale and of the time and place thereof, once a week for three successive weeks in some newspaper published in the place wherein
said premises are situated, if there be any such newspaper there published, if not, then in any newspaper published in the County where said premises are situated, the first
publication of such notice to be not less than twenty-one days before the day of sale ;;
the said Grantor - and in my its or their own name
-
us
grantors
or our heirs or
And either during the life or after the death of
or names, or as attorney of us the said Grantor for that purpose hereby duly authorized and appointed, or otherwise, may convey the premises so sold, absolutely
and in fee simple, to the purchaser or purchasers accordingly; and, out of the proceeds of such sale, may retain all sums then hereby secured (whether then or thereafter
payable) and, the amount of all costs, charges, and expenses incurred or sustained by it or them in making such sale or by reason of any such default, with interest upon all
such sums or amounts, rendering the surplus, if any, of such proceeds to
us the said
assigns, on demand, and such sale shall forever bar us and all persons claiming under ws from all right and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in
equity, and
do further covenant with the said Grantee and its successors and assigns for
heirs, executors, and administrators, that
they will, upon request, confirm by proper deed of release any sale or foreclosure made or effected hereunder.
And it is agreed that the said Grantee or its successors or assigns, or any person or persons in its or their behalf, may purchase at any sale made as. aforesaid, and that no
other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money therefor.
we
And, for the consideration aforesaid, I,
ог
Grantee and its successors and assigns all right of or to both dower.
us
and our
de hereby release unto the said
and homestead in the aforegranted promises and in the proceeds thereof,
in case of sale hereunder, and agree to join in any deed of confirmation of any sale or foreclosure made or offected as aforesaid.
In Witness Whereof,
We the said
have hereunto set our hands and seals
year of our Lord eighteen hundred and ninety-six.
Signed, sealed, and delivered in presence of
Charles G. Gardner
to both
this
John W. Loftus and Mary Loftus, his wife.
twelfth
John W. Loftus +Seal.
Mary Loftus
Commonwealth of Massachusetts, HAMPDEN, SS.
before me,
Received
•John W. Loftus
Aug. 13th
one
of
day of
*Seal.
August 12th.
August
A. D. 1896
in the
Then personally appeared
;
the within named Grantors, and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be their free act and deed
Charles G. Gardner
1896 and Registered from the original. Attest,.
„Justice of the Peace.
Jane..
R Wells
Register.