N
conveyed.
which is
the
westerly side.
оп
into the said Corser and Arthur all the right, title and.
interest which I acquired under the aforesaid mortgage in or
to that portion of the premises therein
described as follows, namely:
Beginning at the point of intersection of
of Springfield Street with the northerly side of Peltiah
•Street, and thence running northerly on said Springfield
Street one hundred (100) feet; thence westerly and parallel
with said Peltiah Street one
hundred and seven (107) feet;
thence southerly along the division line between lands front.
ing on said Springfield Street and on Arthur Street, one hun.
dred (100) feet to said Peltiah Street; thence easterly
said Peltiah Street one hundred and five (105) feet to the
place of beginning, being lots No. 85 and 86 on a
plan of lots.
of said Corser and Arthur called Ingleside Terrace.
To Have and to Hold the same to the said Corser and Arthur
and their heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever
But this release shall not in any way affect or impair my
right to hold under the said mortgage and as security for the
sum remaining due thereon, or to sell under the poiver of sale
in said mortgage contained, all the remainder of the premises.
therein conveyed and not hereby released.
• In Witness Whereof I hereunto set
fourth day of November A.D. 1898.
and
• Signed & sealed in presence of
• George H. Allyn.
Chloe Ely
my
hand and seal this
Heal.
Commonwealth of Massachusetts.
• Hampden, ss. November 8th 1898. Then personally appeared
the above-named Chloe Ely and acknowledged the foregoing.
instrument to be his free act and deed, before me.
George H. Allyn Justice of the Peace
Rec'd Nov. 10, 1898 hd Reg'd from the original.
Attest
James
B. Wells
Register.
7
88
Jo
Fred Kuehn &c.
The Deed of Mortgage given by Fred Kuehn and Bertha C. A. Corver to.
Kuehn both of Holyoke Mass, to C.A. Corser and B. F.
Arthur both of Holyoke Mass, Recorded in Book 544
Page 550 of Hampden County, Mass., Registry of Deeds, is.
hereby discharged, the condition thereof having been fulfilled
I'm. Witness Whereof. We hereunto set our hands and seals,
the seventh day of November in the year of our Lord eighteen
|
1