Know all Men by these Presents, that
Harry F. Putnam of Springfield, Hampden County Commonwealth of
Massachusetts
in consideration of
One Hundred Dollars
paid by Fred L. Belcher of said Spring field in said County & state
the 16
said
receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
Fred S. Belcher
181
For Assignment See
Book 599 Page 407
For Discharge See
Book599 Page 408.
a certain lot of land with the buildings thereon, situated on the Westerly side of Randall
Avenue in said Springfield: bounded described as follows to wit: Beginning on the Westerly
side of said Avenue, at a bound at land of Merton St. Paine && running thence Northerly on said
Randall Qvenue sixty (60) feet: thence Northwesterly" strait line to a point in the West line
of the granted premisses distant forty (40) feet Northerly from abar in the Northwesterly
na
corner
of said land of said Paine, thence Southerly on said west line forty (H0) feet to land of said Paine:
thence Southeadely on land aforesaid of said Paine, one hundredly forty eight "%/0(148.2) fect to the place of bequnning.
Bring the
same premisses conveyed to me by Ella G Paine by deed, dated Jan 22-4 18959 recorded in Hampden County Registry of Deeds libro 526
folus 86, Subject to certain restrictions named in said deed to which reference may be made for further information
Co Have and to on the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
And
Fred L. Belcher
hereby for
heus and assigns that
except said restrictions
recorded
myself
in said Registry.
and his
heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever
and my heus, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the grantee
and his
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are fice from all incumbrances
mortgage to the Springfield Five Cents Saving-Bank for 500 dated Sept IN 189894
will and my hens, executors, and administrators,
have good right to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that
shall WARRANT AND DFFEND the same to the grantee
and his
except said restrictionsrd sand mortgage.
Provided Nevertheless that if g
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of
herewith signed be me
*-
hens and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons.
, or
my heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
One Hundred Dollars with interest as stated in
or
his
mmy
note of even date
me
years from this date, with interest semi annually at the rate of
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therem, or on the debt secured hereby,
per cent. per annum, and until such payment shall
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fire in a sum not less than
Hundred
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee and his executors, administrators and assigns m such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expiration of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to Prim or them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expiring; and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,—then
this deed, as also
Said
note of even date herewith signed by
whereby g
grantec o order the said principal sum and instal ments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void
me
or
his
promise to pay to the
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
executors, administrators, or
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
Spring field
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said Spring-
field and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchasers absolutely and m fee-simple; and such sale shall
forever bar me and all persons claiming under
from all right and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity And
out of money arising from such sale the giantee
or hus
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then on thei cafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses meunied or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance of
observance of the said condition, rendering the sun plus, if any, to
hereby,
hens, executois, administiatois, and assigns that, in
for myself
me
me
with the grantee
ΟΙ
and
fris
my heus or assigns; and
heirs and assigns, coche, or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
and my
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
purchases a deed oi deeds of release confirming such sale
And it is Agreed that the grantee
ΟΙ
'
hes
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
receive the ients and profits thereof.
And for the consideration aforesaid
do hereby release unto the said giantee
In Witness Whereof,
hereunto set
our
mine
eight hundred and ninety-
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in their behalf, may purchase
be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
and my
hens and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
Shall
I. Bertha M. Putnam wife of the said Harry F., Putnam
and his
hens and assigns all right of or to both DOWLR and HOMESTEAD in the granted premises.
the said Harry & Putnam Bertha M. Putnam
day of an
We
hands and seals this the
T. M. Granger to NF.P
th
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Hampden ss. Jany 19th
and acknowledged the foregomo
Received
Jan 20°
instrument to be
1899
Harry F. Putnam
Bertha M Putnam
in the year one thousand
Seal
a Seal
Then personally appeared the above-named "Harry 3. Putnam
his
free act and deed, before me-
1899 and registered from the original
Attest⚫
"J. M. Granger
Jam
es
B. Wells
Justice of the Peace.
Register
1