10
at public or private sale," of for that purpose the said Trust Co. is
authorized to execute, in favor of the purchaser or purchasers, good
Veufficient deeds of conveyance of the property so coldy out of the
moneys arising out of such sale or sales to retain all, the cost Sophang.
es of the proceedings taken by the said Trust Company, together with
such an amount aspill reasonably compensate the raid Truct bo.
in the premisedry the balance of such moneys shall be distributed
by said Trust Co. pro rata to the holders of card bonds according to
the amounts due upon, their respective claims for principal in
terest without preference of one board or co
coupon over another, rendering
the over plus, if any, to the said Holyoke Paperkompany, its euc!
censors or assigne, y if the said Hampden Loan & Trust. Ces shall
neglect, to take all or whatever proceedings thereof may be necessary.
in law or equity, for the purpose of enforcing, the security herein prom
Lided" of of selling caid premised / property for, the period of two mon
the after such request, then euch bondholders as made the same of
holders of a like amount, may institute proceedings in theirown
behalf for auch purpose, of the raid Herlyoke Paper leo.covenante
that such sale or sales as may be made by said Trust Co. chall
Loperate as a perpetual bar, both in lawed in equity against eard
Holyoke Paper Company of its sucessore all other persons claim
ing or, to claim the card mortgaged property "d any part, there of rinder.
Lit or them,
d
d.
5. In Lieu of the proceedings herein before described upon any
default, or continuance, thereof, as aforesaid, the Trust Comp
may n d up on like request and indemnification shall proceedly.
action, suit, or other proper legal proceedings thereof, to foreclose
4 secure the appointment of a receiver of the mortgaged prop
erty of the incomes, rents, issues? profits thereon.
6. The several remedies herein before mentioned are cumulative and.
not exclusive one of the other..
7. A. majority in amount, or the holders of the said bonds
waive any default of the said Hedly the Paper Company in any
of its obligations or covenants expressed in said bonde or coupons
or in this mortgage,
"d
8. If the said "Holyoke Paper Company shall wellry, trily pay the
principal" of interest of said bonds at the timed in the manner
"herein specified & chall well truly keep perform all the things
herein required to be kept "d performed on its part, according
to the true intent of meaning of these presents, and if all ofeard
(bonde the coupons, there to belonging not thereto fore paid, are
and