304
See Discharge, Of 713 9280
Bnow all Men by these Presents, thats,
Arthur E. Green of Westfield, Hampiden County, Massachusetts.
in consideration of Four Hundred Dollars
paid by Oliver B Loomes of sand Westfield
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
said Oliver BL
a certain tract of land with the buildings thereon situated in said Westfield &
bounded described as follows to wit. Commencing at the northwest corner of
the firemises here conveyed and at the northeast corner of land owned or occupied
by George & Minor, thence running Southerly by said Minor land to land of
Frances H Ativater, chence running Easterly by said Atwater land to the west
side of Dennis Street, thence running Northerly by the west line of Dennis Street
Phence
to the South line of Hedges Avenue at its intersection with Dennis Street,
running Westerly by the South line of Hedges Avenue to the point of beginning"
being the same land conveyed to me-Margaret Jones by her deed recorded in
Hampden County Registry of Deeds. The firemerxes are conveyed subject to a mortgage of fifteen
hundred dollars qwen by me to the Westfield Savings Bank under date of February 9th St. DJ 1899.
To Have and to hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
Oliver B
and his
And g hereby for myself
mus
Jam
and
heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever
and heirs, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the giantee
and his
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbiances
except said mortgage to said Westfield Savings Bank to which thus mortgage is subject
heus and
that
assigns
will and my
hens, executors, and administrators,
hens and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
that g have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee and s
or
Provided Nevertheless that if
my heus, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of Four Hundred D
cars on demand
, or his
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of Six
per cent. per annum; and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby,
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fire in a sum not less than Four Hundred
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee and s
executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expuation of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to him or them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expiring, and shall not commit or suffer any strip of waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,--then
this deed, as also 18
note of even date herewith signed by me
whereby
grantee o order the said principal sum and instal ments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void.
forever bai
me
معند التمد
'
promise to pay to the
And
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee or us executors, administrators, or
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said W
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each weck for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
Westfield
and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple, and such sale shall
me and all persons claiming under
fiom all night and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity
out of money arising from such sale the giantee
representatives shall be entitled to ietam all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, chaiges, and expenses incuried or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance o
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to me
or my hens or assigns; and 9
hereby,
for myself
and my
heirs and assigns, covenant with the giantee and his hens, executois, administrators, and assigns that, in
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser oi
purchasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale.
And it is Agreed that the giantee
or
'
ΟΙ
his
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in their behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
heirs and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
receive the rents and profits thereof
and my
And for the consideration aforesaid I, Mabel & Green wife.
Nabel & Green wife of said Arthur & Green
do hereby release unto the said grantee
In Witness Whereof,
hereunto set
ow
eight hundred and ninety- mine
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
to अ६
t
A F. Lilley"
Alvia E. Green
لله
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
and
hand
his
hens and assigns all night of or to both DOWER and нOMESTEAD in the granted premises.
the said Arthur E. G
and Mabel & Green
and seal this tenth
day of February
Arthur & Green seal
Mabel E. Green real
in the year one thousand
Campiden $8 February 1 in 1899 Then personally appeared the above-named thur E. Green
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
free act and deed, before me Silley
five
Justice of the Peace.
Received
Feb 20,
189 and registered from the original
Attest.
B. Wells
Register.