130
For assignments du Book
814 Paye 190-191 B 953...
P.195
See
8292] $221
See Discharge
B2933p288
Stamp 1.000 c
Know all Men by these Presents, that we
Michael J. Flaherty 14 Mary A. Flaherty husband wife both of
Springfield in the county of Hampdened Commonwealth of
Massachusetts
in consideration of
two thousand six hundred dollars
paid by Hannah M. Dwelly of said Springfield
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
said Hannah M. Dwelly
The following described tract of land with the buildings thereon situate in said
مه
Spring field'y bounded as follows. Begunning at an iron pin in the northerly side of
Springfield"
Franklin Street, said pin being 153 feet distant from
153 feet distant from a stake in said northerly line
which marks the intersection of said Northerly line of Franklin street with the westerly
line of a proposed street to be called Genesee street ad running thence north 39°1′ 30″ West
one hundred (100) feet to a stake; thence running morth 55° 24' East fifty
less to a stake; thence running South 39° 01' 30" East one hundred (100) feet to a bound in said
mortherly line of Franklin street, thence running south 55°. 24' west fifty one (51) more or less to
•
the
one
(51) feet
Moreor
point of beginning. The premises being the same conveyed to the grantors by deed of Jeremiah P. Driscoll, Thomas W. Tracy dated
June # 1898 singended in the Registry of Deeds for said County in book is te page, toke,
To Have and to Hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
and her heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever
And we hereby for ourselves
heirs and assigns that
We are
and her
and our heirs, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the grantee
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbiances
that we have good right to sell and convey the same as aforesaid; and that час will and our hels, executors, and administrators,
shall WARRANT and defend the same to the grantee
and her
hens and assigns for ever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
Provided Nevertheless that if we , or our heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of two thousand six hundred dollars
or
'
her
in
two
pay
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the late of
five
per cent. per annum, and until such payment shall
Two Thousand five hundred
all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby,
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fire in a sum not less than
dollars, for the benefit of the giantee and her
executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expiration of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to her on them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so exping, and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,―then
this deed, as also
note of even date herewith signed by
whereby
grantee or order the said principal sum and instal.ments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void
forever bar
us
our
ио
'
We
or
her
promise to pay to the
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
executors, administrators, oi
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
Spring field
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once cach week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said Sporing-
field and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchase or purchaseis absolutely and in fee-simple, and such sale shall
and all persons claiming under us from all right and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity
And
out of money arising from such sale the grantee
her representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses incurred on sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to
or heirs or assigns; and we heieby,
her
and
heis, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
or
но
for
ourselves
and вия heus and assigns, covenant with the grantee
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
And it is Agreed that the giantee
her
purchasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale.
, or
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in their behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchase shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money; and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed We
receive the rents and profits thereof.
And for the consideration aforesaid
do hereby release unto the sand grantee and
In Witness Whereof, We
hereunto set
our
eight hundied and ninety-nine
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence
of
Wm G. Mc Technung
to both
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Hampden
SS.
the said
hand and seal S this
January 13th 1899
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Received
Jany
13th
and ouv heus and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
hers and assigns all right of or to both powen and HOMESTEAD In the granted premises.
Michael J. Flaherty "of Mary a. Slaherty
twelfth
day of
January
Michael J. Flaherty
་
in the year one thousand
• Seal
જ
Mary A. Flaherty a seal
Then personally appeared the above-named
their
free act and deed, before me-
1899 and registered from the original
Attest:
Michael J. Flaherty" Mary A. Flaherty
William Mc Technie
James B Neces
Justice of the Peace
Register.
罪
t