Know all Men by these Presents, thats.
503.
For Assignments Dee
Book 603 Page 223
나.
Charles H Alderman of Springfield in the County of Hampiden For Partial Release + $155
and Commonwealth of Massachusetts
in consideration of five hundred dollars
paid by D. Erskine Burbank of Longmeadow insaid County
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, baigain, sell and convey unto the
said Burbank
the following discribed lots of land situated on
zee Book 683 Page 92
"
.11 731
336
For assignment are
Book 729 Page 295
1 Acknowledge Satisfaction and
hereby discharge this Mortgage.
Marther for Stetson stress tote Jordan
June, 1.19/10
Johnson street in said
Springfield, to wit:- Lots nos 4(four), 11 (eleven) and 12 (twelve) as shows
*
on a Plan of Property owned by said Alderman"; recorded with Hamfiden.
Registry of Deeds in Book 505 leaf 603.
And g
hereby for my self
Jam
heus and assigns that
To have and to Hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
D.Erskine Burbank and his heirs and assigns, to then own use and behoof forever
and my heus, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the rate and his
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all mcumbrances
will and my hens, executors, and administrators,
heirs and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
that
E
have good right to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that
shall WARRANI AND DEFEND the same to the grantee and his
Provided Nevertheless that if
वे
> or
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of
my heus, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee 。 his
five hundred dollarson-demand
01
'
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of
five
per cent per annum, and until such payment shall
pay
all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid oi (assessed, whether on the gianted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby,
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fire in a sum not less than
dollars, for the benent of the grantee and
_executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such memance othees as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expuation of any policy on said promises, shall deliver to-
or them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expшng; and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,―then
this deed, as also -a
note of even date herewith signed by ne
whereby
giantee oi oide the said puncipal sum and installments of interest at the time: aforesaid shall be void
promise to pay to the
01 his executors, administrators, oi
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said fringfield
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
gfield and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchaseis absolutely and in fee-simple, and such sale shall
ver bar
me and all persons claiming under me from all night and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity
And
out of money ausing from such sale the grantee 01
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
ΟΙ my heirs or assigns; and
then on thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses incurred on sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance o
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to me
hereby,
for myself and my heus and assigns, covenant with the grantee and his hens, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
puchasers a deed oi deeds of release confirming such sale
And it is Agreed that the grantee 01 his
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
receive the ients and profits thereof.
And for the consideration aforesaid
do hereby release unto the said grantee and
In Witness Whereof,
hereunto set
my
eight hundied and minety-ne
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
John Mikean
I
hand
and seal
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSLITS,
Tamfiden ss fuel 45
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
chase
executois, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in their behalf, may pui
shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
heirs and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
and
my
hens and assigns all right of or to both DOWER and HOWLSTEAD In-the-granted premises
на
the said Charlesдн.
this fourth
harles H. Alderman, being.
day of
harles H. Alderman asial.
rried
in
the
year one thousand
1899. Then personally appeared the above-named Charles H Alderman
free act and deed, before me-
'his'
Received Al 5,
1899 a
and registered from the original
Attest.
Chas. & Hoaq,
ues B. Wells.
James
Justice of the Peace.
Register.