521
Know all Men by these Presents, thats
George L. Jones of East Granby, Hartford County, State of Connec
One Hundred Dollar
wealth,
eachi
exts
in consideration of
paid by Vincent B. Gibbs of Chester, County of Hamfiden
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, giant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
receipt went
said
مههذا
heir
See Discharge, Br 695 9232
a certain parcel of real estate situate in said. Chester bounded and de-
scribed as follows to wit. Beginning at a stake astones near a run of
water on the east side of the turnpike from Huntington to Chester. Thence
Southerly on said Jumfuke to a run of water near the duquay so called
Thence Easterly to the river Thence on said river to the Boston & Albany
Railroad. Thence on said Railroad in a westerly direction to a stone Cub
vert under said railroad. Thence Douch on the run of water to the place
Also whatever rights
of beginning Containg four acres of land more or less
were conveyed to Charles O. Kingsley by Henry &. Dimock by deed dated meh.
18th 1841 to take water from the house formally owned by Elias Gray and to
replace the Aqueduct through which the said water is conveyed to the above
to Washington
firemises. These premises are the sa
-conveyed
Moore by George D. Jusk and others by deed dated August 5th 1887 and recorded
Hamile until Registre the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
of Deeds Book 438 Page 7 to which reference may be
Vincent B. Gibbs
And g hereby for myself.
heus and assigns that
same as evere
and heirs and assigns, to then own use and behoof forever
and
that
have good right to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that 9
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the giantee and is
will and
my
heus, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the grantee and his
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances
hens, executors, and administrators,
g
Provided Nevertheless that if
executois, ‚ administrators or assigns the sum of
', or
от
>
ممنوع
heus and assigns for ever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
her
my heus, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
One Hundred Dollar payable one year from this state
sixi
In one year from this date, with interest semi-annually at the late of
per cent. per annum; and until such-payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid on assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby,
Six Hun
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fire in a sum not less than
red
dollars, for the benefit of the giantee and his
executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expuation of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to him or them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so exping, and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,—then
this deed, as also my note of even date herewith signed by me
whereby
giantee or order the said principal sum and installments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void
promise to pay to the
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
, or his executois, administrators, or
assigns may SELL the gianted premises, or such portion thereof as may iemam subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
ter after
all
first publishing a notice
County
forever bar '
of the time and place of sale once cach week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
out of money arising from such sale the grantee 01
and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchaseis absolutely and in fee-simple; and such sale shall
And
and all persons claiming under me fiom all night and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity
Pris
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then on thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses incurred or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to me
'hereby,
for myself
and my
hens and assigns, covenant with the grantee and his hens, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser 01-
purchasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale.
And it is Agreed that the grantee
or
"
his
01´ my hens or assigns, and I
executois, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in their behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
g
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
hens and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
receive the rents and profits thereof
and my
And to the consideration aforesaid J, Olive @ Jones wife of said George S.
do hereby release unto the said grantee and
his
the said
hand and seal this
In Witness Whereof, We
hereunto set
XL
eight hunded and nin_ty- mine.
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
hens and assigns all right of or to both DOWER and HOMESTEAD in the granted premises
eorge L.Jones?
First
and Olive S. wife of said George S.
Aperel
day of
in the year one thousand
George H. Halegoodfor9.29/ George & Jones seal
Seth C. Wharfe for O.S.Q
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Olive Gones greal
Hampden 58 Chester, Afril 1 1899. Then personally appeared the above-named George & Jones
SS
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
free act and deed, before me-
George H Hafegood
his
Received April 7,
1899 and registered from the original
Attest⚫
B. Wells
Justice of the Peace
Register