198
For Dunge
Tue 621 Rege 25
Stamp 504-c
Know all Men by these Presents, that I
Amarilla Chapman, of Chicopee in the County of Hampdan in the Commonaivalth of
Massachusetts
in consideration of
two thousand dollars
paid by Austin V.M Sprague of Brooklyn in the State of New York
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, giant, bargain, sell-and convey unto the
said Austin V. M Sprague,
'his heirs and assigns
A certain tract of land with the buildings thereon, situated on
,
1
F
Hampshire St, in the village of Indian Orchard in
the city of Springfield in said County of Hampden, bounded³y described as follows: beginning at the north-east
corner of Hampshire" & Oak Streets, thence running East on the North line of Hampshire Street two hundred (200),"
feet, thence North on land of the Indian Orchard Mills Company one hundred && ten feet (110ft), thence Weston".
land formerly of the Indian Orchard Mills Company two hundred (200) ft. to Oak Street, thence South on the East sides?
of Oak Street one hundred 24 ten (110) feet to the place of beginning: being the same premises conveyed by the Chapman Value
Manufaturing Company to George W. Chapman by deed recorded with Hampden County Deeds, Book 342 page 259% to the grantor by Edward D
Chapman by deed dated July 7º 1882 recorded with said Deeds, Book 384 page 2924 being conveyed subject to a mortgage for mineteen hundred (1 900) dollars held
by the Ludlow Savings Bank: Also another certain tract of land with the buildings thereon situated in said Indian Orchard" bounded "ydes-
cribed as follows, beginning on the North side of Hampden Street at a point one hundred / twenty (120) feet west from the northwest corner of Ham-
foden & Myrtle Streets, thence running Northerly one hundred thirty seven (187) feet, thence Westerly one hundred 4 three (103) feet to land.
of Charles Bengle, thence Southon land of raid Bengle to Hampden Street, thence East on Hampden Street to the place of beginning. being a part of
the premises conveyed by the Indian Orchard Mills Company to George TV. Chapman by deed dated December 9th 1875% recorded with Hampden County
Deeds Book 352 page 268 14 to the grantor by Edward D. Chapman by deed dated June 6th 1883%4 recorded with said Deeds BR 395 page 160,54 now conveyed
subject to a mortgage for sixteen hundred (#1600) dollars, held by the Ludlow Savings Bank
To Have and to old the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
And
heus and
Austin V. M. Sprag.
hereby for
that
assigns
except as aforesaid
that
'I
ue.
myself
Sam
and
his
and
his
heirs and assigns, to then own use and behoof forever
and my hens, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the giantee
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances
have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid,
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee
except the aforesaid
and that
д
will and my
hens, executors, and administrators,
hens and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
and his
Provided Nevertheless that if
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of
. I
, or
heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the giantee
my
two thousand dollars on or
or
hes
'
1
__
TH
• before three years from the date hereof
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of
per cent per annum, and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest thei em, or on the debt secured hereby;
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fire in a sum not less than satisfactory to and
dollars, for the benefit, of the grantee and their executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expuation of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to him on them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expiring, and shall not commit or suffer any stup or waste of the granted piemises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,―then
this deed, as also
my
note of even date herewith signed by
whereby
giantee 01 order the said principal sum and instal ments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void.
me
Pres
promise to pay to the
But upon amp default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee , or
executors, administrators, or
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
Spring field
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said Spring
field
forever bar me
01
and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchase or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple, and such sale shall
and all persons claiming under me from all night and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity And
out of money ausing from such sale the grantee
Pris representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses incuried on sustamed by them by reason of any default in the performance or
observance of the said condition, tendering the sui plus, if any, to
or my
hens or assigns, and
hereby,
and
hens, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
me
for myself. and my hens and assigns, covenant with the grantee
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
purchases a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale.
And it is Agreed that the grantee
or
his
,
his
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in their behalf, may purchase
hens and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted piemises and
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
pen
formance or observance of the condition of this deed
receive the ients and profits thereof
And for the consideration aforesaid
do hereby release unto the said grantee and
In Witness Whereof,
hereunto set
f
the said
my
hand and seal
'mire
eight hundred and ninety-
Signed, sealed and delivered
in piesence of
L.E. Hitch cock
and my
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Hampden
SS
January
25th
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Received
Jany 25°
1899
heirs and assigns all right of or to both DOWER and HOMESTEAD In the granted premises-
Amarilla Chapman (widow)
this twenty seventh day of December in the year one thousand
1899
her
Amarilla Chapman & Seal.
Amarilla Chapman
Then personally appeared the above-named
free act and deed, before me-
Loranus E. Hitchcock
and registered from the original
Attest
Name:
Jas
1
.B. Wells
Justice of the Peace.
Register.