:
Know all Men by these Presents, thats,
Orrn. W. Eldridge of Chicopee in the County of Hamfidena
State of Massachusetts
in consideration of Deventy five dollars
paid by Nathan Canterbury of said Chicopee
the
said
See Discharge, Of 820 370
receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
Canterbury
527
A certain parcel of land in said Chicopee bounded described as follows,
beginning at the northeast corner on land formerly owned by David Rathburn
running East 25° South 19 rods +11 links, thence souch. 5° East 28 rods +15 links
thence Douch 31° Eart 11 rods, thence douch 43° West 1 brads +11 lunches to a
june tres marked, thence north 50° West. H7 rods, thence to° East 36 rods to the
place of beginning, togather with whatever right of way, I
сталма
have been designated
slaid out by one Chapin as is mentioned in deed from Hiram Munger to
mortqaque; toqathr also with the right of way reserved by said Canterbury
in a deed to one John Hamil a by said. Hamil to Dalem Buxton.
To Have and to hold the granted piemises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
Canterbury
and his heirs and assigns, to then own use and behoof forever
and he's
and my heus, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the giantee
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances
hens, executors, and administrators,
heirs and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons. -
And
hereby for
4
myself
heirs and assigns
that
that
have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee
and his
Provided Nevertheless that if
, or my
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of
:
P
HA
will and my
heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
Deventy five dollars on demand
five
or
,
his
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of
per cent per annum, and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the gianted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby,
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fire m a sum not loss than
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee and
executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expuation of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to
or them a new and sufferent policy to take the place
of the one so expшing, and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted piemises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,-then
this deed, as also -a note of even date herewith signed by me
whereby
giantec
01
promise to pay to the
or order the said piincipal sum and instal ments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
executors, administrators, or
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
free
all
01
'
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said County of
Hampden and may convey the same by proper deed oi deeds to the purchaser or purchaseis absolutely and in fee-simple; and such sale shall
forever bai me and all persons claiming under me from all right and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity. And
out of money arising from such sale the giantec
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses incured or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to me
heins or assigns; and
hereby,
for myself
and my
heirs and assigns, covenant with the grantee and his heins, executors, administi ators, and assigns that, in
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
purchasers a deed oi deeds of release confirming such sale.
And it is Agreed that the grantee
, a his
01
executois, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in then behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money; and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
hens and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
receive the ients and profits thereof
and my
And for the consideration aforesaid Simary A. Eldredge wife of said Orren W Eldridge
do hereby release unto the said giantec and his
In Witness Whereof, We
hereunto set our
eight hundied and ninety- nne.
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
John a Reddy
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Натрает 55Cвисанец
hers and assigns all night of or to both DOWER and HOLSTEAD in the granted premises.
the said Orrin W Eld
Igea Mary A. Eldridge
tenth
day of l
hands and seal this
Orrin W. Eldridge Iseal
Mary A Eldridge treal
1899
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Received
in the year one thousand
Then personally appeared the above-named Orrin W Eldridge
h
free act and deed, before me.
April 11, 1899 and registered from the original
Attest.
Ready
B. Nello
Justice of the Peace.
Register