9
Know all Men by These Presents, That Was
Fannie Lee and
In the County of Hampden
We
1 Acknowledge" Satisfaction and
Patrick Lee husband and wife, of Springfield hereby discharge this Mortgage,
IN CONSIDERATION OF Twelve hundred
Dollars, paid by the Springfield Five Cents
Springfield
and Commonwealth of Massachusetts.
Savings
Bank
a corporation established by law in,
in the County of Hampden and Commonwealth of Massachusetts, the receipt whereof
is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, bargain, sell, and convey unto the said Springfield Five Cents
Savings Bank
and its successors and assigns forever, the following described Real Estate, to wit:--
a certain parcel of land, with the buildings thereon and all the rights, privileges, and
appurtenances thereunto appertaining or belonging, lying in Springfield
in said County of Hampden
and bounded and described as follows, to wit:-
marsh a trea
.3.08
Sip. 3
witness H L Jordan
on the Northerly side of Broad street at the southwesterly
beginning
of W. S. Miller and
Northerly
thence Easterly
southerly
This
thence westerly
running
on said land
of
Allen about one
Corner
ов
Land
on said street, forty-seven (47) feet to land of Allen: thence
hundred (100) feet to land
now or
formerly of Ballard:
on said land of Ballard forty-seven (47) feet to said land of Miller: thence
on said land of Miller about one hundred (100) feet to the place of beginning.
conveyance is made subject to the restriction mentioned in deed from Walter S.
Miller to Gagnier
•Angers, recorded in
recorded in Hampden
Hampden County Registry of Deeds, book 526,
page 545 relative to the placing of buildings on said lot, to which deed or to the record thereof
reference is to be had for particulars..
the
and
Being
premises conveyed to Fannie Lee by Christopher
I. Gagnier et al by deed dated July 29, 1896 recorded at the Registry of Deeds for said County
of Hampden, libro 550, folio 538..
To Save and to hold the above granted premises to the said
said Springfield Five Cents Savings Bankts sucessors and assigns to their use and behoof forever.
And We the said Grantors
with the Grantee hereof, its successors and assigns, that.
brances;
we are
for ourselves and our heirs, executors, and administrators, do covenant
lawfully seized in fee simple of the aforegranted premises; that they are free from all incum-
that We have a good right to sell and convey the same to said Grantee, its successors
and assigns forever, as aforesaid; and that
heirs, executors, and administrators shall WARRANT and DEFEND the same to the said Grantee, its
successors and assigns forever, against the lawful claims and demands of all persons.
Provided, Nevertheless, that if We the said
We will and our
Grantors
administrators, or assigns, shall pay unto the said Grantee, at its banking house, or to its order, the sum of: Jwelve hundred
Dollars,
January
and
July
"
whereby we, jointly and severally.
Twelve hundred
the
or our heirs, executors,
said Grg
Grantors
"Springfield
on demand, with interest, at the rate of five per centum per annum, payable semi-annually on the
first days of
∙in each year, and, during the continuance of this mortgage, punctually pay all taxes and assessments, now or
hereafter levied or assessed Comme said premises, or on said Grantee or its successors or assigns by reason hereof, and keep all buildings, now or hereafter standing on said
premises, insured against fire, satisfactorily to and for the benefit of said Grantee and its successors and assigns, or, in default of such payment of taxes and assessments or
of effecting such insurance, shall, on demand, pay to said Grantee or its successors or assigns all such sums as it or they shall pay therefor, with interest, and shall not
commit or suffer any strip or waste of the said premises; then this deed, as also a promissory note of eyen date herewith signed by us.
promise to pay to the said Grantee For order, the sum of
Dollars, and interest at the times and places aforesaid, shall be void, otherwise in full force.
But if Default shall be made in the performance of the foregoing condition or covenants, or any part thereof, then the said Grantee or its successors or assigns may
sell the aforegranted premises, or such portion or portions thereof as may remain subject hereto (in case of any partial release hereof), either as a or in separate parcels,“
and at one time or at different times, as it or they may elect, with all the improvements that may be thereon, at public auction, in said
it or they first publishing notice of such sale and of the time and place thereof, once a week for three successive weeks. in some newspaper published in the place wherein
said premises are situated, if there be any such newspaper there published, if not, then in any newspaper published in the County where said premises are situated, the first
publication of such notice to be not less than twenty-one days before the day of sale;
And either during the life or after the death of
the said Grantors. and in our its or their own name
or names, or as attorney of
the said Grantors for that purpose hereby duly authorized and appointed, or otherwise, may convey the premises so sold, absolutely
and in fee simple, to the purchaser or purchasers accordingly; and, out of the proceeds of such sale, may retain all sums then hereby secured (whether then or thereafter
payable) and the amount of all costs, charges, and expenses incurred or sustained by it or them in making such sale or by reason of any such default, with interest upon all
such sums or amounts, rendering the surplus, if any, of such proceeds to us the said
or our heirs or
assigns, on demand, and such sale shall forever bar us. and all persons claiming-under As from all right and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in
equity, and
we do further covenant with the said Grantee and its successors and assigns for .
ourselves
heirs, executors, and administrators, that
We or
they will, upon request, confirm by proper deed of release any sale or foreclosure made or effected hereunder.
And it is agreed that the said Grantee or its successors or assigns, or any person or persons in its or their behalf, may purchase at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no
other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money therefor.
us
And, for the consideration aforesaid, I,
'
Grantee and its successors and assigns all right of or to both dower-
▾
us
grantors
in ease of sale herounder, and agree to join in any deed of confirmation of any sale or foreclosure ma
In Witness Whereof, We the said Fannie
>
and our
,
do hereby release unto the said
and homestead in the aforegranted promises and in the proceeds thereof,
r effected as aforesaid.
have
hereunto set
our hands
year of our Lord eighteen hundred and ninety-six.
Signed, sealed, and delivered in presence of
}
·L. E. Hitchcock.
Lee and Patrick Lee
and seals
this
thirteenth
day of
August
Fannie X Lee
mark
her
Patrick his Lee
mark.
Commonwealth of Massachusetts, HAMPDEN, SS.
before me,
Received
Fannie
Aug.
14th
"Lee"
one
+Seal.
+Seal..
August 14,
A. D. 1896
in the
Then personally appeared
;
the within named Grantors (and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be her free act and deed
Loranus E. Hitchcock.
1896 and Registered from the original. Attest,:
R. Well
Justice of the Peace.
..Register.