154
For Dis Charge,
See Book 601 Page
541
Stamp 50¢.
Know all Men by these Presents, that
Willam T. Gregg of Springfield, Wampden County, Massachusetts
In
of
Two thousand Dollars
paid by Robert W. Day of said Springfield
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, baigain, sell and convey unto the
said
Robert W Day
a lot of land with the buildings thereon situated in said Springfield 4 bounded
and described as follows; beginning on the northerly side of Chapel street at a point
distant one hundred feet easterly from land now or formerly of La Berge "grun
ming thence Easterly on Chapel street fifty (50) feet to land lately of S. E. Seymour:
thence northerly on land lately of Seymour ninety (90) feet: thence Westerly parallel
with Chapel street fifty (50) feet. " thence Southerly at right angles with Chapel street
ninety (90) feet to the place of beginning: being the easterly fifty feat of land conveyed to me by Mary Noel
To Have and to hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
and his heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever
Robert W Day
And
hens and
hereby for
assigns
that
myself w
that
Д
and
Pris
and my hells, executois and administrators, COVENANT with the giantee
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbiances
have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid; and that
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee
Provided Nevertheless that if
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of
in gold coin
and
his
I
or
two,
I
will and
my heus, executors, and administrators,
heins and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
heirs, executois, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
Pres
and dollars on demand principal and interest payable
of the United States of the present standard of weighted fineness or the equivalent of
its market value in other United States money. five
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of
per cent. per annum, and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises, or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby,
satisfactorily to and
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fire in a sum not less than
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee and his executois, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
him or them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
and, at least two days before the expuation of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to
ny covenant herein contained,―then
of the one so expiring, and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of
whereby
this deed, as also
promise to pay to the
note of even date herewith signed by
one
giantee or order the said principal sum and instal ments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void.
field
me
or
his
me
, Or
his
executors, administrators, or
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
Springfield
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said Spring.
and
may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchaseis absolutely and in fee-simple, and such sale shall
те
forever' bar
and all persons claiming under
fiom all night and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity. And
out of money ausing from such sale the grantee
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, changes, and expenses incurred on sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or
me
observance of said condition, rendering the suplus, if any, to
and my hens and assigns, covenant
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
chasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such
pui
sale
And it is Agreed that the giantee
for
self
my
, or
his
or
it with the grantee and
his
my
J
heus or assigns; and
hereby,
heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in then behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
heus and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
receive the icnts and profits thereof
and my
And for the consideration aforesaid I, Mary J Gregg wife of t
Mary J Gregg wife of the said Williana J. Gregg
do hereby release unto the sand grantee
In Witness Whereof,
hereunto set
our
mine
eight hundred and ninety- mine
Signed, Sealed and delivered
in presence of
Ralph W. Ellis
Mrs Carrie & Patten
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Hampden
SS
his
and
чис
the said
hand Sand seal S this
January
16,1899
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Received
Jany, 16th
including
heirs and assigns all nightsor or to both DOWER and HOMESTEAD in the granted premises.
William I Greggard Mary J. Gregg
fourteenth
William I Gregg
day of
January
in the year one thousand
• Seal
Mary J Gregg
• Seal
Then personally appeared, William J. Gregg, the above named grantor
his
free act and deed, before me-
1894 and registered from the original
Attest.
Ralph W. Elles
ues B. Wells
Jamu
Justice of the Peace
Register.
E
i
-->
"