4
Know all Men by these Presents, That &
Carrie & Bacon, of Springfield, Thumpden County. Massachusetts.
In consideration of
Une
Dollar
BOOK 562
with by Myron R. Williams of sand, Springfield and Henry H. Merriam of
Cambridge, Massachusetts, copartners as the Kastner and Williams Paper Company
the appt whereof is hereby acknowlartguil, da horoby give, a sot, bargain, soll and convey unto this
mall
Williams and Merriam copartners as aforesaid
The following described real estate siticated in
Springfield aforesaid and in West Springfield
•the
in said
as 3 (three)
County described as follows. Lots on the westerly suite of Lowell street in said West Springfield known
and designated as lots 3(three) 4 (four) 5(five) (6 (six) 7 (seven) 8(eight) and 9 (mine) on
westerly side of
said street on a plan recorded in Hampden County Registry of Deeds, book 455 page 601. Also a lot desig.
mated as lot 7 (seven) on the southerly side of Lowell Avenue on said plan also lots designated
4 (four) 6(six) 7 (seven) Sheight) 9(mines) and 10tten) on the easterly side of Lowell street on said plan also
being one undurded half. in lot designated us 11 (eleven) on the easterly side of Lowell
street in said plan
Also a lot of
all
interest.
my
011.
Boylatory street,
land with the buildings thereon situated on the easterly sides of. Boylston street in said Spring"
field and bounded and described as follows - beginning on the easterly side of Boylston street at a point distant
southerly one hundred and forty eight (148) feet from Emery street and running thence Northerly
forty four (14) feet thence Easterly on Boylston • avenue eighty (80) feet. thence Southerly on land now or formerly of "
8. A Cornell forty four (44) feet and thence Westerly on land formerly of Clark Hazelton eighty (80) feet to the place
of beginning Being the premises described in a deed from Wilson Eddy to Isaac E. Williams recorded in said Registry, book :
. 582 and being subject to a mortgage of fifteen hundred dollars to the Springfield. Shestetition for Savings which the grantees
272. раде
herein assume and
agree
corner of land now or
to pay.
Also another lot of land, with the buildings thereon silicated on the easterly side of said Boylston street and described as follows
beginning on said street at the northwesterly
, lately of Geo W Bwvers, said point being
one hundred and six feet northerly
from Emery street, und running thence Northerly on Boylston street forty two feet. thence Easterly on land formerly of baac & Williams;
righty (80) feet thence Southerly on land of 8 A Cornell fority three and one half (4/3½) feet to said land
formerly of Powers;
thence Westerly
formerly of Towers about eighty (50) feet to the place of beginning, being land com I
veyed by Jas Elliott to Harriet Hazelton by deed dated April 18.1871 recorded in sund Registry, book 280, • page 307
and being subject to a mortgage of $4000, to the Beebe and Holbrook Manufacturing Co which the • grantees
herun
assume and agree to pay Being the same premises conveyed to me. Myron K. Williams, by deed dated Feb - 1897 i
and
on sard land now on
'
To Uhabe and to Hold the granted prominos, with all this privileges and apparton incos thatoto bolonging
to su Williams and Merriamw
mow or
and
"their
holen und assigun, to their own use, and beloaf forevci,
And haruby for
myself
granters
covenant with the
thevchors and weigen thab
lawfully avarad in fou-aimple of the gevated promises, that baby to free from all incumbus
And
life, sxecutors sąd velministratora,
am
made ou
suffered by
me
I
myg
will
have good right to sell and convos tho samo is aforowid; and that
hgira, exocuk ors and administrators slvill, rezerant and defend the same to tho
helix and veslgus forever ng unst. Die Lass ful clums nul demands of ill
none other
thxt
ant
granitos
POLAONB
And for the caulifahattin forozald.
they
clanning by through
or under me but against
hernby retenne-unis-the-
dowan
En taltness whereat
and homestead-in-thon-granted-promsmas..
-house-and-anaigna-all-right-of-or-to-bath-=
the said Carrie & Bacon (unmarried)
harounto gat
my
hand
and Beal thla
February
Sigued wonlod aukaktiverest in presence of
Ralph W Ellis
Commonwealth of Massachusetts
eighteenth
In the your one thousand eight hundred and ninety-A&vem
day of
Carrie & Bacon Heal
Hampden es Febry 20, 1897 Then personally appeared the above named Carne Bacon and acknowl
edged the foregoing instrument to be her free act and deed. before
Rec'd Feb 20, 1897 and Regid from the original
чиям
Ralph W Ellis Justice of the Peace
attest
дашка
12. Mells
Register