Know all Men by these Presents, that s
>
497
1 Acknowledge Satisfaction and
| | Weeks of Hampden, Hampiden County Massachusetts hereby discharge this Mortgage,
apie 7.1903.
John
John N Isham
witness & M. Janner. Trustee
aforesaid
in consideration of three hundred dollars
paid by
18Johnn sham, Charles H. Burleigh & Lucu Burleigh
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, glant, bargam, sell and
Strustees of th
Congre
is Society of Hampden
said John Isham, Charles Burl
Lucus A. Burleigh, trustees as
a certain tract of land with the buildings thereon situated in the village of
Hampden aforesaid bounded as follows:-
at
mmencing at the south side of
the old fublic highway red at the northeart corner of land formerly of the
Lacousic Wooden Company, thence southerly on land formerly of said Com-
pany forty (40) feet to a stone in the ground, thence southerly some ten (10)
feet into the frond, thence easterly in said frond parallel with the high-
way some fifty (50) feet; thence southerly to the channel of the cantec
river, thence easterly in the center of said river to the public way, running north
& souch through the Village of Hampden, thence northerly on the west side of the
last named highway until it intersects the first named fublic highway, thence
westerly. on said old fublic highway to the place of beginning. Containing half
To live on more or less, the same this day conveyed to me by deed of H horded
an
John Nisham, Charles
يعفسة المسمية
And
hens and assigns that
hereby for
self
am
heirs and assigns, to then own use and behoof forever herewith
HH
and my heus, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the grantees and theircessors
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted piemises, that they are free from all incumbrances
will and my
that ร have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that
hens, executors, and administrators,
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantees and the heme and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
Provided Nevertheless that if
, or
my
mistrators or assigns the sum of res
heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
undred
or
'
Their
zeus from this data, with interest semi-annually at the late of
six
Ht
per cent. per annum, and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid on assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby,
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fire in a sum not lose than ratiafactory to and
dollars, for the benefit of the grantees and their
administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expuation of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to
them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expiring, and shall not commit or suffer any strip on waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,―then
this deed, as also the note of even date herewith signed by me
whereby
giantee.
- or order the said puncipal sum and instal.ments of interest at the time. aforesaid shall be void.
pden, on
The
promise to pay to the
01 Their exentors, administrators, 01
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee,
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said H.
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said fere field
insard County and may convey the same by proper deed oi deeds to the purchaser or purchaseis absolutely and in fee-simple; and such sale shall
forever bai me and all persons claiming under me fiom all night and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity And
out of money arising from such sale the grantees of her
iepresentatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then on thereafter payable, mcluding all costs, charges, and expenses incuied or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance o
observance of the said condition, rendering the sui plus, if any, to
g
my
assigns, and
hereby,
for myself and my heirs and assigns, covenant with the grantees and the Holy executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
purchaseis a deed oi deeds of release confirming such sale.
me
And it is Agreed that the grantee 5, 01 their exter,
or
hens o
fistrators,
or assigns, or any person or persons in their behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
and my hers and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
receive the rents and profits thereof
And for the consideration aforesaid I, Martha & Weeks wife of said 9.2 Weeks
do hereby release unto the said grantee and
ber
her
the said
hereunto set
our
hand and seal this
heirs and assigns all light of or to both DOWER and HOMESTEAD in the granted premises all right
L. Weeknd Martha & Week
In Witness Whereol, we
eight hundred and ninety-nine
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
-hat F. I fullman by both
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Hamfiden 88
атрает sis Анчев
4th
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Received for 4
fourth
من العدلنا ٩٠٥
day of
Oreal
Martha & Weeks esial
Aferel
in the year one thousand
Then personally appeared the above-named 9.2 Weeks
free act and deed, before me-
Char. F. Ifellman
1899
1899 and registered from the original
Attest.
R.Nells.
any Bibe
Justice of the Peace.
Register