Joseph
both
now all en by these resents, that we.
Burrell by Lena A Burrell, husband and wife,
of Springfield, Hampden Comenty Morssachussetts
In consideration of Ten Hundred and
Minety
paid by William H. Dexter of said Springfield
. Dollara
acknowledge, do hereby give, grant sell, and convey unto tho
and his
the receipt whereof we do Japter
William He
said
•certain real estate situated in said
Springfield
Heirs and Assigns,
8
BOOK 5 56
1
Book 535
Acknowledge Satisfaction and
hereby discharge this Mortgage.
Jpm Adapter
Dexter
Witness
& m Jauner.
Enly 141898-
fifty
-and bounded Westerly by. Dawes street,
Hampden County Reg-
• plan of lots recorded in
(20) feet, Northerly by lot numbered I on a plan of loto
istry of Deeds, Book 518, Page 601, and buy
bout ninety
land
of August
and Louise Rosenberg
a
seven and 1/14 (9769) feet, Easterly by land of said Rosenberg
and
and land of New
comb- fifty (50) feet, 4 Southerly big land now or lately of Walton, Mangan & hoode 4 by lot num
: 4
bered 6 on said plan of lots about · ninety
seven and 71/100 (9777) feet, the same
four (4) on said plan of lots, together with the trait in
thua
the rear
day conveyed to us by deed of said Dexter, this mortgage being given
To have and to hold the fore-granted premises to the enid William Dexter
being
lot numbered
thereof Being the same
to secure
-payment of a portem of the
purchase price
his Heirs and Assigne, to their use and behoof forever.
And we do, for our solves, more, Executors and Administrators, covenant with the said Dexter and his
Heirs and Assigns, that we are lawfully seized in fee of the afore-granted premises; that they are free of all incumbrances;
except restrictions referred to in above mentioned deed of a
That we
Wave good right to all and come to a dudy mortgage of $1500 to the monson Savinge
and that we will warrant and defend the samo promises to the said Dexter
wept as aforesaid
1
Bank
Joseph W Burrell
Hoirs and Assigns forever, against the lawful claims and demands of all persons.
Proyiben Hebertheless, and this deed is on the following condition, that whereas we the said
and Lena A. Burrell
have execated our joint of several. Promissory Note of Hand, bearing even date herewith
Dollars
to the order.
William Lo
for the sum
Dexter
payable
· of sand.
of Ten Houndred" & Ninety
on demand With interest prayable quarterly at the rate of six per cent per annum
and during the continuance of this mortgage have agreed to pay all taxes aergased on the granted premises, or on any interest therein or on the
debt secured hereby, and keep the buildings on said premises insured against fire, in a sum satisfactory to and for the benefit of the Grantee and
Heirs and Assigns.
or
Therefore, if we the Bald Burrells
ropresentatives shall pay the full amount of said Note according to the tenor hereof, and shall pay said taxes and
keep said buildings insured as aforesaid, then this deed shall be void; otherwise in full force
But, if default shall be made in the performance of any of the foregoing conditions, the Grantee and his
lawful attorneys for us and in our, his for their
legal representatives, are hereby constituted
our
name to sell and dispose of the aforesaid lands at public auction, on or near the premises,
having first published notice of the time
and place of the intended sale, once a week, for three successivo weeks, in some Newspaper, if there be any, published in the city or town
whero said premises are stunted; and if no Newspaper is published in such city or town, then in some Newspaper printed in the county where
the mortgaged premises aro aitunted, the first publication to be at least twenty-one days before the day of sale,
his or their
ow
.
and in. Mr.
name to execute and deliver to the purchasers thereof, good and sufficient deeds of convoy-
ance for the same; and of the money arising therefrom to retain a sum equal to the amount remaining unpaid on said Note and all expenses
incurred in the matter, rendering unto
representatives a true and particular account of the same, with
any overplus that may remain thereof And until such default the Grantee shall allow
legal representatives
undisturbed possession of said ostate
ма
ог
and
has
or their behalf may purchase at any sale made as
r
And it is agreed that the Grantee or
hin Heirs or Assigns, or any one in
aforesaid and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money.
and
In Witness Whereof, we the said
Lena A Quell
Joseph it Bull
/-wife-of-said-
to-release all-claim to dower and all homestead-exemption rights in the aforesaid premises, have hereunto set
first
day of
Ezecuted in the presence of
'
August
.
hand and seal ♪ this
in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and ninety- suy.
scal
* Burrell
Edivard & Murphy Joseph t
t
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
HAUPDEN, 69
• even Lena A. Burrell
August 18th 1896. Then the within named
acknowledged the within instrument to be has free act and deed before me
Received
∙August 24°
seal
Cape J. Murphy.
Justice of the Peace
Register.
1896 and registered from the original. Attest:
James R. Mells