Stamps" 2.000 e
9,
Ι
७
hy
Enty Du Birk 135
For Jake Gaffiderat
Know all Men by these Presents, that 9.611 Puny 200
Edward W. Shumway of Spring field. County of Hampden,
Massachusetts
in consideration
"Four thousand four hundred thirty five dollars
Du Murti bli Pazar 2651256"
pead by Sydia J. Swan, Frank N. Swan, Wilbur M. Swan Frederic R Suan y Sula WTapley of sard Springfield.
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
said Sydia J. Swan et als
a certain tract of land with building thereon bounded y described as follows. Beginning at
an iron rod in the Southerly line of Euched Avenue which is distant (498.25) Four hun
dred & minety right twenty five one hundredths feet from a stone bound in the Southerly
Corner of Dickinson street 4 Euclid Avenue 4 runs thence southwesterly along the South-
erly line of Euched Avenue (80) eighty feet to an Iron rod and thence southerly at
right angles to Euclid Avenue (94.14') ninety four'd seventy four
feet to an Iron rod, thence easterly about ($0.H) eighty "four one hundredths feet to
an Iron nod, thence northerly (98.98) minety eight minety right one hundredths feet to...
place of beginning. No building to be placed nearer than thirteen feet to thermoide line of
sidewalk to Euclid Avenue
one
hundredths
To Have and to Hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said Lydia J. Swan Frank N Swan
•Wilbur M. Swan Frederic R. Swan Seila W Sapley and their heirs and assigns, to theu own use and behoot for evei
and my hens, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the grantee 5 and their
And
hereby for
heus and assigns that
that
I
self
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances
have good right to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantees and their
Provided Nevertheless that if
I
, Or
my
will and my
heus, executors, and administrators,
heirs and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantees, or their
executors, administrators of assigns the sum of Four thousand four hundred and thirty five
ondemand
five (5%)
dollars
-years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of
per cent per annum; and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premuses or on any interest thei ein or on the debt secured hereby;
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fine ma sum not less than
dollars, for the benefit of the grantees and their executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
Thirty five hundred
and, at least two days before the expiration of any policy on said piemises, shall deliver to
them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expiring; and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,—then
this deed, as also
my note of even date herewith signed by
whereby
grantees or order the said puncipal sum and installments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void.
те
Springfield
ΟΙ
their
'
promise to pay to the
Spring
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee $
executois, administrators, or
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
field
and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple, and 'such sale shall
and all persons claiming under
from all right and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity And
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then on thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses incurred or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or
observance of the said condition, rendering the sui plus, if any, to
my hens or assigns; and I hereby,
forever bar
me
out of money ausing from such sale the grantees or their
for myself
me
01
hens and assigns, covenant with the grantees and their hens, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
and my
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
purchasers a deed oi deeds of release confirming such sale
And it is Agreed that the grantees, or their
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
receive the rents and profits thereof.
And for the consideration aforesaid
way
shall
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in their behalf, may purchase
be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
and my
hers and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted piemises and
I, Bertha S. Shumway wife of said Edward W. Shum.
do hereby release unto the said grantee S and their heirs and assigns all light of or to both DOWER and HOMESTEAD In the granted premises.
In Witness Whereol,
hereunto set
our
eight hundied and ninety-mine
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
чие
the said
hand and seals this
Geo π Tapley for both
COMMONWEALTH OF
Hampden
SS.
SACHUSETTS,
4,
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Received
Jany infor
189
Edward W. Shumw
second
day of
ad Bertha S Shumway
January
in the year one thousand
Edward W, Shumway & Seal
Bertha S. Shumway
Then personally appeared the above-named
his
free act and deed, before me--
→to
Seal
Edward W Shumway
James G. Dunning
1899 and registered from the original
Attest⚫
Date: Janies
Das
B. Wells
Justice of the Peace
Register