10
1 Acknowledge Satisfaction and
hereby discharge this Mortgage.
Housen Savings Bank
C. A. Brackway. Fr
april 8.1903
Witness
Rim. Janner.
Ellen
Know all Men by These Presents, that I
In the County of
Gilligan of
Hampden
Monson
and Commonwealth of Massachusetts.
Bank
IN CONSIDERATION OF One hundred thirty
Dollars, paid by the monson Savings
a corporation established by law in
Monson in the County of Hampden and Commonwealth of Massachusetts, the receipt whereof
is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, bargain, sell, and convey unto the said Monson
Bank and its successors and assigns forever, the following described Real Estate, to wit:-
Savings
a certain parcel
of land, with the buildings thereon and all the rights, privileges, and
appurtenances thereunto appertaining or belonging, lying in: Monson
appurtenance Hampden
in said County of
and bounded and described as follows, to wit:—
Beginning at the east line of Pleasant Street at the north corner
land formerly of W. N. Flynt, running
thence northerly
of
on said Street
4 rods; 9.
9. feet 4/4 inches to
a
stake in
the
ground
thence easterly
in a
straight
line
six rods to a stake & stones, thence
stake & stones, thence southerly in a
straight line troets
9 feet and 6 inches to a stake and stones, thence westerly six rods to the first
"Being the same premises conveyed to me
mentioned bound,
in deed dated January
Book 349 Page 531.
by Wm. S. Nichols
29th 1878 and recorded in Hampden Registry of Deeds
To Save and to hold the above granted premises to the said
And
to fold..
the said
grantor
with the Grantee hereof, its successors and assigns, that
brances;
Monson Savings Bank
I am
that
• seized
its successors and assigns to their use and behoof forever.
and
for myself my heirs, executors, and administrators, do covenant
lawfully seized in fee simple of the aforegranted premises; that they are free from all incum-
have a good right to sell and convey the same to said Grantee, its successors
and assigns forever, as aforesaid; and that
will and my heirs, executors, and administrators shall WARRANT and DEFEND the same to the said Grantee, its
successors and assigns forever, against the lawful claims and demands of all rsons.
Provided, Nevertheless, that if I
.
lay ful
October
the said Ellen 8. Gilligan
administrators, or assigns, shall pay unto the said Grantee, at its banking house, or to its order, the sum of
Dollars,
first days of April
and
or my heirs, executors,
One hundred thirty.
on demand, with interest, at the rate of six
per centum per annum, payable semi-annually on the
in each year, and, during the continuance of this mortgage, punctually pay all taxes and assessments, now or
hereafter levied or assessed on said premises, or on said Grantee or its successors or assigns by reason hereof, and keep all buildings, now or hereafter standing on said.
premises, insured against fire, satisfactorily to and for the benefit of said Grantee and its successors and assigns, or, in default of such payment of taxes and assessments or,
of effecting such insurance, shall, on demand, pay to said Grantee or its successors or assigns all such sums as it or they shall pay therefor, with interest, and shall not
commit or suffer any strip or waste of the said premises; then this deed, as also a pro sory note of even date herewith signed by me the said
promissory
promise to pay to the said Grantee or order, the sum of
Dollars, and interest at the times and places aforesaid, shall be void, otherwise in full force.
Allen J. Gilligan ne hundred thirty
,
But if Default shall be made in the performance of the foregoing condition or covenants, or any part thereof, then the said Grantee or its successors or assigns may
sell the aforegranted premises, or such portion or portions thereof as may remain subject hereto (in case of any partial release hereof), either as a whole or in separate parcels,
and at one time or at different times, as it or they may elect, with all the improvements that may be thereon, at public auction, in said Monson
'
me
}.
it or they first publishing notice of such sale and of the time and place thereof, once a week for three successive weeks in some newspaper published in the place wherein
said premises are situated, if there be any such newspaper there published, if not, then in any newspaper published in the County where said premises are situated, the first
publication of such notice to be not less than twenty-one days before the day of sale; :
And either during the life or after the death of
the said Grantor and in
its or their own name
my.
or names, or as attorney of me the said Grantor for that purpose hereby duly authorized and appointed, or otherwise, may convey the premises so sold, absolutely
and in fee simple, to the purchaser or purchasers accordingly; and, out of the proceeds of such sale, may retain all sums then hereby secured (whether then or thereafter
payable) and the amount of all costs, charges, and expenses incurred or sustained by it or them in making such sale or by reason of any such default, with interest upon all
such sums or amounts, rendering the surplus, if any, of such proceeds to me the said
heirs or
grantor
my
assigns, on demand, and such sale shall forever bar me and all persons claiming under me from all right and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in
equity, and I do further covenant with
said Grantee
and its successors and assigns for
my
In the
or
or
myself
and
heirs, executors, and administrators, that
they will, upon request, confirm by proper deed of release any sale or foreclosure made or effected hereunder.
And it is agreed that the said Grantee or its successors or assigns, or any person or persons in its or their behalf, may purchase at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no
other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money therefor.
And, for the consideration aforesaid, I,
Grantee and its successors and assigns all right of or to both dower
in case of sale hereunder, and agree to join in any deed of confirmation of
have
In Witness Whereof,
hereunto set
the said
my
hand and seal this
year of our Lord eighteen hundred and ninety-six.
Signed, sealed, and delivered in presence of
F. E. Morris.
}
do hereby release unto the said
and homestead in the aforegranted premises and in the proceeds thereof;
closure made or effected as aforesaid.
Ellen S. Gilligan (ummarried)
first
day of
August
Mrs Ellen S. Gilligan Seal;
Commonwealth of Massachusetts, HAMPDEN, SS.
Ellen S. Gilligan
before me,
Received
Aug. 14th
August 7 f
A. D. 1896
in the
Then personally appeared
the within named Grantor and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be her free act and deed;
1896 and Registered from the original. Attest,.
7. E. Morris
es R Пс. Тели
„Justice of the Peace.
Register.