10
For Discharge
The Book 6ll Page 242
corner.
Stamp 25% cancelled.
Know all Men by these Presents, that I
Vinrui P. Rogers of Springfield in the bounty of Hampden & Commonwratch of
Massachusetts. in consideration of diftin Thundred (500) dollars paid by Alexander
in
Grant & Milton H. Grant both of West Springfield in in raid bounty, coparturers doing
_ business under the firm name and atyle of Alexander Grant B. Son.
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
said
Alexander Grant & Son, a curtain tract of land and the buildings
and bounded and described
orre
thereon lying on the
of Mc Knight and batherine Streets in aid Springfield
follows : to wit : Bounded Souitively by Mª Knight Street one hundred (00) feet: Easterly by batherine St.
hundred 600) fuit : Nortively by land of H. D. Big tee are hundred (00) feet: and westerly by land formerly
of Mous P. Wheeler one hundred (oo). feet, said lot comprises lots numbered forty five and forty sise on
plain of lots recorded in the Registry of Deeds for raid bounty in Book 325 page 601 and is the same land
conveyed to me by deed of of. J. Bliss dated April 29 * 1882. and is subject to the restrictions nasued in baid
deed and is also. cubject to a mortgage given by me to the Haydenville Savings Bank dated February.
1898. to secure my note for Thirty five hundred (3500) Dollars of even date with said mortgage also
subject to a mortgage givin by me to Frank Dudley Tansley dated February 11 - 1898. to secure my
mate for
e for are. Thousand Good Dollars of even with eaid mortgage: he maid
And
AT&
date
to Hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said Alexander Grant's Son
heirs and assigns, to their ministrators, bean with the grantees and Shevi
hereby for
heirs and assigns that
I am myself
and have heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever.
and
11th
lawfully peized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances
except paid restrictions and raid mortgages.
that
my heirs, executors, and administrators,
heirs and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons.
have good right to sell and convey the same as aforesaid; and that I will and
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee Sand Theve
-except as afousaid.
Provided Nevertheless that if
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of
pay
д
01
'
'
or thei
L
my heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee 5, or
Fiften Hundred (1500) Dollars on demand.
from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of
six (6)
all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby;
per cent. per annum; and until such payment shall
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fire in a sum not less than
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee - and the executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
satisfactory to and
and, at least two days before the expiration of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to
of the one so expiring; and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,―then
them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
this deed, as also
note of even date herewith signed by me" hoyal L. Rogers
and
whereby
ນ
grantee or order the said principal sum and instal ments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void.
and
.
Shirringfield
ΟΙ
we
their
promise to pay to the
Springfield
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee $
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
executors, administrators, or
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said,
may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple; and such sale shall
forever bar
and all persons claiming under
out of money arising from such sale the grantee- or
from all right and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity. And
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses incurred or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to .
Me
for
те
Ime
heve
or
muy
the
heirs or assigns; and
hereby,
hets, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
myself
and my heirs and assigns, cove nt with the grantee S and
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
purchasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale.
And it is Agreed that the grantee _, or
there executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in their behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money; and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
receive the rents and profits thereof.
heirs and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
And for the consideration aforesaid
and my
I, Loyal L. Rogers husband of the raid Vinnie P.Rogers.
do hereby release unto the said grantee 8 and
In Witness Whereof,
hereunto set
owr
eight hundred and ninety- right.
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
-
याछ
thevi
heirs and assigns all right rant by the cuitery MESTA in the granted premises.
the said Vinnie P. Loyal Lo. Rogers
hand and seal & this
Robert A. Knight & toch
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Hampden
ss.
first
day of
July
Vinie P. Rogers
Loyal L. Rogers
August 5 1898. Then personally appeared the above-named
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Received
:
Aug.
5
189 8
her
free act and deed, before me-
and registered from the original
Attest:
1.
in the year one thousand
Seat.
odeal.
Vinie P. Rogers
Robert A. Knight.
B. Wells
Justice of the Peace.
Register.