'
I
167
Know all Men by these Presents, that Acknowledge Satisfaction and
Jane Mc Donald Swazey, of Springfield, Hampden County, Massachusett hereby discharge this Mortgage
m consideration of
One Hundred Dollars
paid by Nelson Sombard, of said Springfield
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledge, do hereby give, grant, baigain, sell and convey unto the
said nelson Lombard
Nelson Lombard
Feby 15.1900.
"Werners R Martensen.
a certain tract or parcel of land with the buildings thereon, situated on the Westerly side
of Woodlawn street, in said Spring field, bounded" & described as follows, to wit: Begunning at the north-
easterly corner of the granted faremises, the being the southeasterly
and
same
corne
of land of Eld.
redge Lombard, formerly of J. F. Lombard, " & running thence at an angle of 93° 21' about,
westerly six hundred and minety (690) feet on land of said Eldredge Sombard to a stone
monument: thence southerly at an angle of 86° 39' three hundred luighty foury seven tenths (3847)
feet to a stone monument : thence at an angle of 82°00' mortheasterly six hundred minety five", nine tenths
(696.9) feet to the highway aforesaid (Woodlawn street) "I thence at an angle of 98°00' northerly on said Woodlawn
streat twohundred forty seven five tenths (247.5) fat to the point of beginning, containing five acres of land. Being the same property conveyed to
nq
s by the grantee by deed dated October 29th 188 1'd recorded in Hampden County Registry of Deeds in Book 380, Page 527
To Have and to hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
Nelson Sombard
And I do hereby for
hens and assigns that
myself
and his
heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever
said
and my hens, executors and administrators, COVENANI with the grantee
Jami
and his
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances
will and my hers, executors, and administrators,
that
have good right to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee and his
Provided Nevertheless that if
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of
+++
, Or
ਹੈ
heus and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons.
my heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
O'ne Hundred Dollars on dernand
six (6)
or
'
his
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of
per cent per annum; and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therem, or on the debt secured hereby,
shall keep the buildings on said promises insured agamet fire m a sum not lets than
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee. and.
executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expiration of any policy on said promises, shall deliver to-
or them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one-so-expiring; and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,―then
my note of even date herewith signed by me" John H. Swazey, my husband whereby
this deed, as also
giantee
чие
01
Pus
promise to pay to the
executors, administrators, or
oi oide the said principal sum and instal'ments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
feld
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
feld
forever bar me
01
Pris
Spring
Spring-
and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple; and such sale shall
and all persons claiming under
me
from all night and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity. And
out of money arising from such sale the grantee
iepiesentatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses incurred or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if
any, to
my heirs or assigns, and do hereby,
me
01
Pris
nt with the giantee
and
hens, executois, administrators, and assigns that, in
on they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchase or
fol
myself
and my hens and assigns, covenant
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
purchases a deed oi deeds of release confirming such sale.
And it is Agreed that the grantee , 01
executois, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in then behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money; and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
receive the rents and profits thereof
and my
hens and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
And for the consideration aforesaid I, John H. Swagey, husband of said Jane Mc Donald Swazey
do hereby release unto the sand giante.
est ene statutes.
Witness Whereof,
hereunto set
our
eight hundred and ninety-nine
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
J
and his
hens and assigns all right of or to both sowin an
"curtesy " & all other rights
January
A in the granted premises. I all
Jane Mc Donald Swagey rd John H. Swagey
eighteenth
We the said
hands and seals this
SM. Robson to mark of
Jane & to J. H.S.
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Hampden
SS.
day of
her
Jane Mc Donald Swazey ko mark
John H. swazey
January 18, 1898
-
Per
Then personally appeared the above-named
fice act and deed, before me
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Received
Jany
18"
in the year one thousand
g
+ Seal
Seal
Jane Mc Donald Swayey
Stuart M. Robson
1899 and registered from the original
Attest
Даш
B. Wells
1
Justice of the Peace.
Register