Stamp #1.
Know all Men by these Presents, that d.
Lena H. Taylor of Springfuld, Hampden County, Massachusetts
m consideration of
Three Thousand Dollars
paid by Charles W.. Itale of said Spring
field
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, giant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
Charles W.Hal
said
that Peliane
Partial Release
Su Burke bo5 Page 218
See Assignments
96639 400
"1475
"
389
See Discharge
318398436
A certain tract of land with the building's thereon situate in said Springfield
and bounded and described as follows, viz. Bounded Southerly by Monmouth
Street one
byland
1
hundred feet and ninety five
mow or
one
hundredths (10095/100) feet, Westerly
formerly of one Chilson about one hundred and thirty two (132) feet %d
and
165
by land of the New England Rail Road mine 1% feet, Northerly by land of said Rail-
Road sixty four 18/100 feet and forty two 21/100 feet & Easterly by land now or formerly of
one hundred "d forty four ¼/100 feet. Being part of the premises
described in two deeds one recorded Book 546 Page 496 the other Book 578 Page 632.
Charles Wy flared premises, with all
one
Banning
To Have and to hold the
And
hereby for
hens and assigns that
that
myself Jam
the puvileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
and his heirs and assigns, to then own use and behoof for ever
and
ame
my heus, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the grantee
and his
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances
have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid; and that I
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee
Provided Nevertheless that if I
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of
and s
will and my heirs, executors, and administrators,
heirs and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
, or my heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
Three Thousand Dollars on demand
five
For his
years from thu date, with interest semi-annually at the late of
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therem, or on the debt secured hereby,
per cent per annum, and until such payment shall
shall keep the buildings on said premises insuigd against file in a sum not less than
dellas, for the benefit of the giantee and his executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
satisfactory to and
and, at least two days before the expuation of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to
or them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
covenant herein contained,-then
any
me
of the one so expiring, and shall not commit oi suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of
this deed, as also
my
note of even date herewith signed by
whereby
giantee 01 order the said pimcipal sum and instal ments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void
and
his
Spring field
"
or
Pres
promise to pay to the
executors, administrators, or
Spring.
But upon aup default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
field
may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple, and such sale shall
forever bai me and all persons claiming under me
from all night and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity. And
out of money arising from such sale the grantee 01
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then on thereafter payable, including all costs, changes, and expenses incurred or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or
observance of the said condition, rendering the suplus, if any, to me
heus or assigns, and I hereby,
hens and assigns, covenant with the giantee and
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
hens, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser 01
purchasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale.
And it is Agreed that the grantee
вно
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in their behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchase
shall
all be answerable for the application of the purchase money; and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
hens and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
receive the rents and profits thereof.
for
myself and my
ΟΙ
,
and my
or
fus"
my
And for the consideration aforesaid I. Palmer M. Jaylor husband of said Sena N. Jaylor
do hereby release unto the said grantee
Ju Witness Whereof,
hereunto set our
eight hundied and unety-nine
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
Jr. Jt Bosworth
COMMONWEALTH OF
Hampden ss.
USE11S,
and his
чие
the said
heirs and assigns all night of or to both powen and HOMESTEAD in the granted premises
Seng Jr. Jay!
bands and seals this eighteenth
181898
January
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be.
Received
Jany 18-
Then
her
aylord Palmer Mr. Jaylor
day of January
Sena H. Jaylor
Palmer M. Taylor
personally appeared the above-named
free act and deed, before me-
in the year one thousand
Seal
મ
Seal
Lena H Taylor
Henry H. Bosworth Notary Public-ustice of the Pencer
1899 and registered from the original
Attest
is R Nello
އ
Register
E