Book 553
8
E. Loomis
Jo
1
The Deed. of Mortgage given by Lafayette & Moore of West_Mary &
field Mass, to Mary E. Loomis of Westfield Mass., Recorded in.
Book 404 Page 105 of Stampden County, Mass, Registry of Deeds Lafayette & Moore
is hereby discharged, the condition thereof having been ful
filled.
Im. Witness Whereof, I hereunto set
the
my hand and seat
twenty-second day of June in the year of our Lord
eighteen hundred and ninety-six
Executed in the presence of).
WS Kellogg
Mary & Loomis...
Commonwealth of Massachusetts.
Seal
Hampden s.s. June 22 1896. Then the above named Mary E.
Loomis acknowledged the above instrument to be here free:
act and deed, before me.
WS. Kellogg Justice of the Peace
Rece July 1st 1896 and Regd from the original
Attest. Jauses R. Will
Register...
Know all. Men by these Presents, That I Thomas F.Greaney I F. Greaney
of Itolyoke, Stampden county, Mass. The Granter mentioned.
unt
Jo
in the bleed of Mortgage given by Peter O'Connell dated Sept. J.M. Brown Trustee
26th 1893 and recorded in Hampden County, Mass., Registry of
bleeds, Book 506 Page: 67 in considerations of Five Hundred $500
I
Wollars, paid by IM Brown Trustee of Springfield in the County.
of Stampden and State of Massachusetts the receipt where of I
do hereby acknowledges, do hereby sell, assign and transfer
to the said IM Brown Trustee the aforesaid. Deed of Mortgage
and all my right, title and interest, in and to the Real Estate
therein conveyed,
with the note therein described..
To Have and to Hold the same to the said J.M. Brown - his Heirs..
and assigns, to their use and behoof forever; free from all claim
or interference of me the said Thomas F. Greaney, or any person
claiming by, from or under
In Witness Where of I hereunto set my hand and seal this
Eleventh day of October in the year of
year of our Lord eightien
hundred and ninety three.
Executed in the presence of
...John. R. Callahan.
Thomas F. Greaney
Seal.
• Stampden S.S. Holyoke. Mass, Oct 11th 1893. Then't above named Thomas & Greaney
acknowledge, he above instrument to be his free act"'d deed, before me...
John R. Callahan. Justice of the Peace