赴
Know all Men by these Presents, that»,
Frank L. Dunlap of Springfield, Hampden County, Massachusetts
in consideration of wenty Eight Hundred Dollars
paid by Daniel B. Wesson of said to
the receipt whereof us hereby acknowledged, do hereby ale hnt, butum, si fand convey unto the
said
Daniel в
esson,
See Discharge, B. 7359268
4911
ertain lot of land with the buildings thereon lying on the easterly-side of
Yale street in said Springfield, and bounded and described as follows, to wit:-
beginning on said side of said street at a front distant northerly three hun.
dred and sixty two feet from Dartmouth street and running thence northerly
by Yale street fifty (50) feet: chence. &arterly at right-angles angles with
Yale street one hundred and twenty sex (126) feet or more to land now or lately
of one Brown: thence Southerly by said Brown land about fifty (50) feet to a
point which would be intersected by a line drawn from
The place of begin.
ning, at right angles with Hale street easterly to said Brown land: chence
Westerly at right-angles with Hale street one hundred and twenty six (126)
feet or more to the place of beginning.
Being the firemises conveyed to me by Francette Cowles by-deed dated
Aprel 1, 1899, to be recorded at the Registry of Deeds for said County of Hamfiden.
To Have and to hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
Daniel B. Wesson
And
g
hens and assigns that
and his
and
hens and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever
heus, executors and administi ators, COVENANT with the grantee
and hus
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the gianted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances
will and my hens, executors, and administrators,
hereby for myself
ར
am
that g have good right to sell and convey the same as aforesaid; and that
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee
and his
+++
or
,
hens and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
Provided Nevertheless that if
01 my heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
•his
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of twenty eight hundred-d
dollars on nited States of the firement
on-demand after five
years, firincifial and interest frayable in -q-old coin of
standard of weight and fineness or the equivalent of its market value in other
United States money
years hom this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of five
per cent per annum, and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby,
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fire in a sum not less than satisfactorily to and
dollars, for the benefit of the giantee and his
executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expuation of any policy on said piemises, shall deliver to hum oi them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expuing, and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained, then
this deed, as also
note of even date herewith signed by me
whereby
giantee
one
01 oide the said principal sum and installments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void.
لمعقد
promise to pay to the
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee 01 hes executors, administrators, or
assigns may SELL the granted promises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said firen
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
firing field and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple, and such sale shall
and all persons claiming under me from all night and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity. And
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses incurred or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance oi
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to me
hens or assigns, and
hereby,
for my self and my
forever bai
out of money aising from such sale the grantee 01 his
01 my
f
heirs and assigns, covenant with the grantee and his heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchase on
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
purchasers a deed oi deeds of release confirming such sale
And it is Agreed that the giantee
01
>
his
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in their behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
receive the ients and profits thereof
and my
hens and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
And to the consideration aforesaid
do hereby release unto the said grantes — and
In Witness Whereof,
hereunto set
my.
eight hundred and ninety- mine.
Signed, Sealed and delivered.
in presence of
д
the said
hand
and seal
this
Ralfel W. Ellis
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Aperel
hens and assigns all night of or to both now in and now AD in the granted premises
rank I
first
unlafe
day of
married)
Apinel
in the year one thousand
Frank L. Dunlap seal
189
Hamfiden ss.
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Received
April
L
Then personally appeared the above-named Frank & Dunlap the above named grantor
fice act and deed, before me.
3, 189 and registered from the ongmal"
Ralph W. Ellis
Attest.
nis R. Wells,
Justice of the Peace
Register.