88
Know all Men by These Presents, That W
William
In the County of
and
Tringle and Mary Tringle (husband wife) of Springfield
Hampden.
and Commonwealth of Massachusetts.
IN CONSIDERATION OF Seventeen hundred.
Dollars, paid by the Springfield.
Five Cents
Savings
Bank
a corporation established by law in
Springfield in the County of Hampden and Commonwealth of Massachusetts, the receipt whereof
is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, bargain, sell, and convey unto the said Springfield. Five
Cents Savings Bank and its successors and assigns forever, the following described Real Estate, to wit:-
a certain parcel
X
WE CON SETIOCAPTION AND
HE.
S
of land, with the buildings thereon and all the rights, privileges, and
By
appurtenances thereunto appertaining or belonging, lying in Springfield
in said County of Hampden
and bounded and described as follows, to wit:—
march Apr 1. Iscas
mes darts Safford Feb 10-1917
thence northerly
beginning at the corner of Beacon and Colton streets and running
now or
by said Colton street, sixty-two and eighty-eight hundredths (62.88) feet to land now or
formerly of Hennessy; thence Easterly by said land of Hennessy, about one hun
dred and twenty-six (126) feet to land formerly of Gunn; thence Southerly by said
land of Gunn sixty-five and five hundredths (65.05) feet to said Beacon Street; thence
Westerly by
by said Beacon street about one hundred and twenty-six (126) feet to the place
of beginning. Being the premises conveyed to us by John D. McKnight et al by deed
7
dated September 1, 1884 recorded at the Registry of Deeds for said Counity of Hampden, libro 405, folis 570,
To Save and to hold the above granted premises to the said
And We the said Grantors
with the Grantee hereof, its successors and assigns, that
brances;
Springfield Five Cents
Savings Bank
We are
its successors and assigns to their use and behoof forever!
for our selves and our heirs, executors, and administrators, do covenant
lawfully seized in fee simple of the aforegranted premises; that they. are free from all incum-
that We have a good right to sell and convey the same to said Grantee, its successors
and assigns forever, as aforesaid; and that we will and our heirs, executors, and administrators shall WARRANT and DEFEND the same to the said Grantee, its
successors and assigns forever, against the lawful claims and demands of all persons.
Provided, Nevertheless, that if We the said Grantors
or our heirs, executors,
Seventeen: hundred hel
on demand, with interest, at the rate of
five
administrators, or assigns, shall pay unto the said Grantee, at its banking house, or to its order, the sum of
Dollars,
January
and
July
per centum per annum, payable semi-annually-on the
first days of
in each year, and, during the continuance of this mortgage, punctually pay all taxes and assessments, now or
hereafter levied or assessed on said premises, or on said Grantee or its successors or assigns by reason hereof, and keep all buildings, now or hereafter standing.
on said
premises, insured against fire, satisfactorily to and for the benefit of said Grantee and its successors and assigns, or, in default of such payment of taxes and assessments or
of effecting such insurance, shall, on demand, pay to said Grantee or its successors or assigns all such sums as it or they shall pay therefor, with interest, and shall not
commit or suffer any strip or waste of the said premises; then this deed, as also a promissory note of even date herewith signed by us the said
whereby we jointly and severally
Seventeen hundred
1
grantor's
promise to pay to the said Grantee ,Cor order, the sum of
Dollars, and interest at the times and places aforesaid, shall be void, otherwise in full force.
But if Default shall be made in the performance of the foregoing condition or covenants, or any part thereof, then the said Grantee or its successors or assigns may
sell the aforegranted premises, or such portion or portions thereof as may remain subject hereto (in case of any partial release hereof), either as a whole or in separate parcels,
and at one time or at different times, as it or they may elect, with all the improvements that may be thereon, at public auction, in said Springfield
it or they first publishing notice of such sale and of the time and place thereof, once a week for three successive weeks in some newspaper published in the place wherein
said premises are situated, if there be any such newspaper there published, if not, then in any newspaper published in the County where said premises are situated, the first
publication of such notice to be not less than twenty-one days before the day of sale ; ·
And either during the life or after the death of.
the said Grantor S and in oi its or their own name
or names, or as attorney of us the said Grantor S, for that purpose hereby duly authorized and appointed, or otherwise, may convey the premises so sold, absolutely
and in fee simple, to the purchaser or purchasers accordingly; and, out of the proceeds of such sale, may retain all sums then hereby secured (whether then or thereafter
payable) and the amount of all costs, charges, and expenses incurred or sustained by it or them in making such sale or by reason of any such default; with interest upon all.
or our heirs or
us
such sums or amounts, rendering the surplus, if any, of such proceeds to us the said Grantors
'
assigns, on demand, and such sale shall forever bar us and all persons claiming under us from all right and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in
equity, and We do further covenant with the said Grantee and its successors and assigns for · ourselves
and our
heirs, executors, and administrators, that
We or
they will, upon request, confirm by proper deed of release any sale or foreclosure made or effected hereunder.
And it is agreed that the said Grantee or its successors or assigns, or any person or persons in its or their behalf, may purchase at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no
other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money therefor.
And, for the consideration aforesaid, I,
Grantee and its successors and assigns all right of or to both dower
in ease of sale hereunder, and agree to join in any deed of confirmation of any sale or foreclosure made or effected as aforesaid.
In Witness Whereof, We the said
ha ve
hereunto set our hands
We the said William Pringle
and seals this
year of our Lord eighteen hundred and ninety-six.
Signed, sealed, and delivered in presence of
L. E. Hitchcock.
Commonwealth of Massachusetts,
before me,
Received
thirteenth
his
;
do hereby release unto the said
and homestead in the aforegranted premises and in the proceeds thereof,
and
day of
Mary Tringle
August
William x Tringle Seal
hemark
Mary mark
Tringle
HAMPDEN, SS.
William Tringle
Aug. 13th
one
of
Seal.
August 13,
A. D. 1896
in the
Then personally appeared
the within named Grantors, and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be his free act and deed;
Loranus E. Hitchcock.
18 96 and Registered from the original. Attest,
Jamin
B. Wells.
Justice of the Peace.
Register.