Stamp 75f+c
Know all Men by these Presents, that
Abbie M. Robbins of Springfield, Hampden County, Massachusetts
in consideration of
Twenty five hundred Dollars
paid by Edward E. Bill of said Springfield
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, barghin, sell and convey unto the
said Edward E. Bill
I
Fur
189
by chang
Su Bo whb 19 Page 148
certain real estate situated in said Springfield, bounded & described as follows:-begin-
ning at the northwesterly corner
er of "State" "Hayden streets" running thence Northerly
thence Northerly on Wayden
street one hundred (100) feet thence Westerly at right angles with Hayden street fifty twory 07/1150237)
feet to a point distant one, foot easterly from land of the New York" New England Railroad Company:t
& thence
Southerly parallel with 4 distant one foot easterly from land of said Railroad Company one hundred "Yone 19,8% 100
(10183 /10) feet to State Street: "4 thence Easterly on State Street fifty 44%/100 (50.42) feet to the place of beginning.
'100'
2h
Being the premises conveyed to me by Philip H. Potter by deed dated June 24, 1897 recorded at the
Registry of Deeds for said County of Hampden, libro 564 folio 330.
+
To Have and to Hold granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
Eduard E. Vill
And
hereby for
heus and assigns that
that
and his heus and assigns, to their own use and behoof foreve
myself
дател
Pris
and
and my heus, executois and administrators, COVENANT with the giantee
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbiances
have good right to sell and convey the same as aforesaid; and that
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee and
his
Provided Nevertheless that if
executois, administrators or assigns the sum of
, 01
Д
will and my heus, executors, and administrators,
hens and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
my heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
twenty five hundred dollars on demand
five
, or his
per cent per annum, and until such payment shall
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, oi on the debt secured hereby,
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fire in a sum not less than satisfactorily to and
dollars, for the benefit of the giantee and
executois, administrators and assigns in such form and at such Insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expiation of any policy on said piemises, shall deliver to
him or them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so exping, and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted piemises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,―then
this deed, as also one note of even date herewith signed by
whereby
giantee 01 order the said piincipal sum and instal'ments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void
те
Springfield
, or
of any
his
promise to pay to the
executors, administrators, or
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
assigns may SELL the granted premises, on such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple, and such sale shall
forever bai
and all persons claiming under
fiom all night and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity. And
out of money ansing from such sale the giantee
Pres
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
feeld
me
ΟΙ
Spring
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses incurred or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance.
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to
me
heirs and assigns, covenant
nt with the grantee and
fol myself
and my
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
purchasers a deed oi deeds of release confirming such sale
And it is Agreed that the grantee
, Or
his
or
hi
0.01
my
heirs of assigns, and
heieby,
heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchase or
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in then behalf, may purchase
heirs and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money; and that, until default in the
per
receive the ients and profits thereof
formance or observance of the condition of this deed
And for the consideration aforesaid
and
my
J. George W. Robbins husband of the said Abbie M. Robbins
do hereby release unto the said grantee and
In Witness Whereof,
our
hereunto set
eight hundied and ninety-nine
bubuth
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
Ralph W. Ellis
чие
heus and assigns all rights
• including curtesy
the sand Abbie M. Robbins "1 George W. Robbins
hand S and seals this twenty third day of
year one thousand
HOMESTEAD in the granted premises.
January
in the
Seal
George W. Robbins
૧
• Seal
Abbie M. Robbins
COMMONWEALTH OF MARSACHUSETTS 23 1899 Then personally appeared Abbie M Robbins the above mamed grantor
Hampden
SS
January
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Received
Jany 28"
her
free act and deed, before me-
1899 and registered from the original
Ralph W. Ellis
Attest.
James
B. Nello
Justice of the Peace
Register