&.
Orphir E. Genest } Arthur Perrault
5
theal.
Commonwealth of Massachusetts.
ватрает
ss. June
20
1896. Then the above named Arthur.
• Perrault acknowledged the above instrument to be his free
act and deed, before
me.
Orphir E. Genest, Justice of the Peace.
Read Nov. 10, 1898 and Regd from the original.
Attest
This B. Wells
Register
mortgagee named
Jo
Know all Men by these Presents, that the Springfield Spgfld Co.op. Bank
.Co-operative Bank of Springfield, Mass., the
in a certain mortgage given by Christopher Brennan Dated. Christopher Brennane
September 10 A. D. 1895, and recorded with Hampden County
Deeds, Loib 531, Fol. 226, hereby acknowledges that it has
received from Christopher Brennan the mortgagor named
in said mortgage, full payment and satisfaction of the
same, and in consideration thereof it hereby cancels and
discharges said mortgage.
In Witness Whereof, the said Springfield Co-operative Bank
has caused its corporate seal to be hereunto affixed and there
presents to be signed, acknowledged, and delivered in its name
and behalf by Edward S. Batchelder it's Secretary, this
seventh day of November, A. D. 1898.
1. Signed " & sealed in presence of Springfield Co-operative Bank,
Ralph W. Ellis.
By E. S. Batchelder, Secy.
Commonwealth of Massachusetts.
Hampden ss. November 7.1898. Then personally appeared the.
above named Christopher Brennan and acknowledged the
foregoing instrument to be the free act and deed of the
Springfield Co-operative Bank before me.
Ralph W. Ellis, Justice of the Peace.
Rec⋅d Nov. 10, 1898 hd Reg'd from the original.
Attest James R. Hello
Jannes
Register.
8
Know all Men by these Presents, that I. Chloe Ely, the Chloe Ely
grantee named in a certain mortgage given by C. A.Corser.
Jo
and B. F. Arthur to me dated March 18th a. D. 1893, and: C..A. Corser dc.
recorded with Hampden County Mass. Registry of Deeds.
libro 499, folio 251, in consideration of one dollar paid by:
said Corser and Arthur the receipt whereof is hereby actmout
edged, do hereby remise, release, and forever quitclaim unto.