476.
See Discharge, 8, 625 & 16
B
Know all Men by these Presents, that ₁,
Abson WHatch of Springfield, Hampden County, Massa
chusetts.
in consideration of Seven Hundred dollars
paid by Mary A. Lincoln of Warren in the County of Worcester
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, giant, baigain, sell and convey unto the
said Mary A.
A certain tract of land with the buildings thereon
is the
in said Springfield and
same tract which has been deeded to me this day by Albert W.
Lincoln by Warranty Deed to be recorded here with Exto which or the record
ཟ་་ང་ཚ་བཤ
thereof reference may be had for a full and particular descrifition
and boundaries
To Have and to Hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
Тали А. биксает
And g hereby for myself
heirs and assigns that
excepit a
that
am
and her heirs and assigns, to then own use and behoof forever
her
and heirs, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the grantee and
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are tree from all incumbrances
wsand dollar •held by Willard Elmer
tain mortgage for two
have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee
and her
except as aforesaid.
Provided Nevertheless that if
E
will and my
hens, executors, and administrators,
hens and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
DA
'
,01 my heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of Seven Hundred Dollarsas follows to wit 100 is to be figid one year
or her
from date and too each sex months chereafter until said sum of t you Hard and all with interent at
the rate of six percent per annum payable semiannually with the privilege of paying the whole ar
any portion of said you
in excess of said stated frayments at any time per cent per annum, and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid on assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby,
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fine in a sum not less than one thousand
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee and her executois, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expiration of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to her or them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expuing; and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained, --then
this deed, as also a
note of even date herewith signed by me
whereby
giantee
or order the said principal sum and instal ments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void
and
المعبدة
01 her
promise to pay to the
executors, administrators, or
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for thee successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
Springfield may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or puchasers absolutely and in fee-simple, and such sale shall
forever bar me and all persons claiming under me fiom all night and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity And
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, changes, and expenses incurred or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to
heus or assigns, and I hereby,
for myself and
my
heus and assigns, covenant with the grantee and her heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
purchasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale
out of money arising from such sale the grantee
And it is Ngreed that the grantee
'
01
01
her
her
me
01 my
executors, administrators, of assigns, or any person or persons in then behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed I
and
receive the rents and profits thereof
my
hens and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
And for the consideration aforesaid J, Affinis M. Hatch wife of the said Abson W. Hatch
do hereby release unto the said grantee and her
In Witness Whereol,
hereunto set
our
eight hundied and ninety- mine
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
A.W Lincoln
John Davis
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Hampden ss
mare
فرد
hens and assigns all right of or to both DOWER and HOMESTEAD in the granted premises.
the said Alson Watch Affenia M. Hatch, have
day of March
hand and seal this
16th
Abson W. Hatch treat
Affinia M. Hatch real
16th 1899. Then personally appeared the above-named
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
his
free act and deed, before me-
Febert W. Lincoln
Received March 31, 1899 and registered from the original
Attest
Juin
in the year one thousand
Alson W. Hatch
Justice of the Peace
is T. Nells.
Register.