300
|
Acknowledge Satisfaction and
hereby discharge this Mortgage.
Know all Men by these Presents, that s
David WJohnson of Springfield, Hampden County, Massachusetts
in consideration of Two Hundreds Seventy five Dollars
Albest AB. all huster, and by febert A Ball of said Springfield trustee under the
by SJ Ball atty.
Wit b. & Safford May
12-03
terms of a deed dated Jan 16, 1892 and recorded in Hampeden
County Registry of Deeds in book 487 Trage135
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, giant, baigain, sell and convey unto the
said Albert A Ball, as such trustee
a certain tract of land with the buildings thereon situated on the Northerly
side of Dymon Street in said Sfiringfield, being lot number 13 on a plan of
bol,
lots recorded in Hampden County Registry of Deeds in book 395 page 60%,
being the same premises this day conveyed to me by said A. A. Ball trustee
by deed to be recorded in said Registry and subject to a
mortgage of
Fourtee
Ein Harfared I
• Dollars.
To Have and to Hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said bert A Ball
as such trivsted
such
And
hereby for my self
hens and assigns that
gam
excepet said mortgage
and heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof foreve
and my heirs, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the grantee
and his
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances
will and my
heirs, executors, and administrators,
heirs and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all peisons
that 9 have good right to sell and convey the same as aforesaid; and that
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee and he
excepet as
aforesaid.
Provided Nevertheless that if 9 or
>
my
heis, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
, or his
lements
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of Two Hundred Seventy five dollars in.
of twenty-dollars each three months beginning
in
Алие
am
three months
years from this date, with interestque annually at the late of
per cent per annum, and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby,
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fire in a sum not less than t
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee
factory to and
and his executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall appiove,
and, at least two days before the expiation of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to him or them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expiring; and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,―then
thus deed, as also
note of even date herewith signed by me
whereby
granteé
one
o order the said principal sum and installments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void.
'
promise to pay to the
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
01 his executois, administrators, or
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said Springfield
forever bai
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
Springfield and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchaseis absolutely and in fee-simple; and such sale shall
me and all persons claiming under me fiom all night and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity And
out of money arising from such sale the grantee or his
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses incurred or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance oi
observance of the said condition, rendering the sui plus, if any, to me
heirs or assigns, and I
hereby,
for myself
and my
heirs and assigns, covenant with the grantee and his hens, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
01 they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
purchasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale.
And it is Agreed that the grantee
or
his
or my
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in their behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchase shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money; and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
and my
hens and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
receive the rents and profits thereof
And for the consideration aforesaid I, Celeste P. Johnson wife of the said David W. Johnson
do hereby release unto the said giantee
In Witness Whereof,
hereunto set
our
eight hundied and ninety-nine
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
& Dunleavy
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
and his
we
heirs and assigns all night of or to both DOWER and HOMESTEAD in the granted premises
the said David Johnson's Seleste P.
W
Seleste P. Johnson
hands and seals this Seventeenth day of February
Hampden ss. February
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
David W Johnson seal.
in the year one thousand
Celeste P. Johnson Issal
Then personally appeared the above-named David Johnson
his
free act and deed, before me
189
James
Received
Feb. 17,
189 and registered from the original
Attest⚫
unleavy
B. Wells
Justice of the Peace.
Register.