0
8+
For Hischarge
Але
Book 549 Page 472-
Know all Men by these Presents, that e
Napoleon Gern and Modiste Gem of Chicopee Halls, in the City
of 6 hicopee. Hampden County. Massachusetts
in consideration of of wenty two hundred dollars.
paid by Mary A. Lincoln of Warren in the bounty of Worcester
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, harshin, sell and convey unto the
said
Mary A. Lincoln
a certain tract of land in said Chicopee Falls with the buildings cheron actuated on a wad
leading
norchely from Sheridan Street and bounded and described as follows; to wit = Commencing at the muthurst
corner
of said land and aux rods
carterly from Jackrow Street, and thence running north 86°E. along land of
Rev P. J. O. Reilley to a road one rod wide, cherice North 3° W. along maid road six rods to a stake and stones at
land
of Michael start, chence South 87° 4. five rods to land
now or
formerly of Patrick Welch, thence south 10° 6. Rix
rods along raid last named land to first named bound. Also the right to
-named bund. Also the right to use the road one rod wide to said Sheridan Street,
and being
Barrie
premusies which were
: conveyed to us by Eucher Txemblay by Warranty Deed dated December 15 -0.10.1890 which dead
is recorded with eard boufeden County Deeds mi book 472 Page 540, and to which or to the deed therein refered to
Reference men and to outer des prome, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
be had for arse sunshine desertation.
And
wt hereby for
ourselves
heirs and assigns that
We ever
in
Mary A. Lincoln
Except a mortgage held by Mrs Trumbull upon which chūre is a balance due not exceeding three hundred dollars
and her heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever.
her
and our heirs, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the grantee and
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances,
afpresaid; and that
Wwe
will and our
heirs, executors, and administrators
we have good right to sell and convey the same as
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee and how heirs and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons.
resaid.
except.
a
Provided Nevertheless that if
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of
in
We
or
owv
heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee or
$
her
twenty two hundred dollars on demand.
five
and one half
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of
per cent. per annum ; and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby ;
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fire in a sum not less than While thousand,
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee and her executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expiration of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to
or them a new and sufficient policy to take the
place of the one so expiring; and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,―
then this deed, as also
note of even date herewith signed by
whereby we
promise to pay to the
grantee or order the said principal sum and installments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void.
а
мо
her
"
her
executors, administrators, or
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee or
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together
with all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
hicopee Falls.
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said Hampden County
Ала
and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple; and such sale shall
forever bar
and all persons claiming under Ала from all right and interest in the granted promises, whether at law or in equity. And
h
her
out of money arising from such sale the grantee or
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses incurred or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to
heirs or assigns; and We hereby,
for
ourselves
and
heirs and assigns, covenant with the grantee and
heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
Wr or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or pur-
chasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale.
очин
,
And it is Agreed that the grantee or
at
ма
her
or
own
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in their behalf, may purchase
any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money; and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
receive the rents and profits thereof.
чле
and our heirs and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
thereof. We heda Ben ruife of
Gem
And for the consideration aforesaid
the said Modiste Tem
do hereby release unto the said grantee and
In Witness Whereof,
hereunto set
owe
eight hundred and ninety-ax.
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
Wr
Ser
heirs and as
the said Napoleon Gem, and Eugenie Semi rife of
assigns
ns all right of or to both DOWER and HOMESTEAD in the granted premises.
the maid Napoleon Tem Modiste dem hed a sem Eugenie fast to thousand
hand and seals this
A W. Lincoln to Harginatures
PJ St Martin To 4 signature.
COMMONWEALTH
WEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Hampden ss. July, 23rd 1896.
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
23
ord
day of
This
Napoleon #kem
Modeste Sem
Leda Yem
her
+
Eugenie ante.
дет
mach.
July Seal.
Iseal.
Adeal.
Ideal.
Iem have
year one
Then personally appeared the above-named
Mevi
Free act and do above-named Stapoleon Sem Modiste Tem
The Albert W. Lincoln
Justice of the Peace.
Received
July 23
189. and registered from the original
Attest:
Games B. Wells
Register.