524
1 Acknowledge Satisfaction and
hereby dis
Know all Men by these Presents, thats,
sviortgage Напасет Влardsley fairingfielal, Hamperaten County, mazzachu-
Arthur & Littlefield
Sany 4.1900.
witness
Em Janner.
Retts
in consideration of the sum of One Hundreds Twenty Five Dollars
paid by Arthur E. Littlefield of said Springfield
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, baigain, sell and convey unto the
said Arthur & Littlefield
certain real estate situated in said Springfield, and being known and
designated as lot no 25 on Ellen M Traske's felan of Governor street, recorded
in Hampden County Requstry of Deeds, Book 1 of Plans, Page 30; said hot being
bounded southerly by Governor street fifty (50) feet; easterly by lat No 24
one hundred six and too (106.43) feet; northerly by land of the heirs of Alonzo
Wart. fifty (50) feet; and westerly by lot No. 23 on said felan one hundred
46
six and too (106.46) feet, being the same premises this day conveyed to me
by deed of Arthur E.lefield of even date herewith to be recorded.
To have and to hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
Arthu
And
E. Littlefield
hereby for myself
heirs and assigns that
that
am
and heirs and assigns, to then own use and behoof forever.
and my heirs, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the grantee and his
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances
will and my heus, executors, and administrators,
heus and assigns for ever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
have good light to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee and his
Provided Nevertheless that if
の
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of One Hundred Twenty Five I
租
, or my heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the giantee or
•hes.
ars ufion demand
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of five (5)
per cent. per annum, and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted piemises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby;
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against five in a sum not less than
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee and
exccutors, admmistrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expuation of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to
oi them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one co-exping; and shall not commit or suffer any stup or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,―then
this deed, as also my note of even date herewith signed by me
whereby
grantee or older the said principal sum and instal ments of interest at the time aforesaid shall be void
'
hus
promise to pay to the
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee ΟΙ
executors, administrators, oi
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said pringfield
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
Springfield
and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple; and such sale shall
forever bar me and all persons claiming under me fiom all night and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity And
out of money arising from such sale the grantee
his
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
ΟΙ
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, chaiges, and expenses inculled or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to me
and
hereby,
6.
hens and assigns, covenant with the grantee and his heirs, executois, administrators, and assigns that, in
for my self
and my
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
purchasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale
And it is Agreed that the grantee
or
his
'
01 my hens on assigns,
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in then behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
heirs and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
receive the icnts and profits thereof
and my
And for the consideration aforestud I, Qarinda Beardsley, wife of the said Harace M. Beardsley
do hereby release unto the said grantee
and his
In Witness Whereof, wwe the said
hand and seal this
hereunto set
our
eight hundied and ninety-nine
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
wame Rechnee to HMB
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Hampden ss Afeel it,
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
А
Received 10,
hens and assigns all right of or to both DOWER and HOMESTEAD 111 the granted premises
race M. Beardsley Clarinda Beardsley
fourth
day of l
Horace M Beardsley treal
Clarinda Beardsley treal
in the year one thousand
1899. Then personally appeared the above-named Horace M. Beardsley
hes
free act and deed, before me,
W.G. McKechnie
1899 and registered from the original
Attest
Hi James
B. Wells,
1
r
Justice of the Peace.
1
Register.
I
•1