4
Set
82912P62
"2925 "43
See Discharge
B3029P 511
ov
Know all Men by These Presents, That I
William M. Young
Hampden
of Springfield
of Massachusetts.
In the County of
and Commonw
hundred,
IN CONSIDERATION OF Eight
Dollars, paid by the Springfield Five Cents Savings Bank a corporation established by law in
Springfield in the County of Hampden and Commonwealth of Massachusetts, the receipt whereof
is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, bargain, sell, and convey unto the said Springfield Five
Cents Savings
Bankand its successors and assigns forever, the following described Real Estate, to wit:-
a certain parcel of land, with the buildings thereon and all the rights, privileges, and
appurtenances thereunto appertaining or belonging, lying in
in said County of Hampden
Springfield
and bounded and described as follows, to wit:—
Terrence Street at an iron bar at the northeasterly
beginning
of land of
One
White, and running
thence Westerly
Northerly
Easterly
on land of
one
оп
thence northerly
оп
Herring forty
on
corner
said White's land
one hundred and twenty eight and 10/12 (12812) feet to an iron bar: thence
seven and 1/12 (477/12) feet to a stone: thence.
land of Terrence Flanaghan fifty eight + '% (58% % 2) feet to an iron bar:
land of said Flanaghan eight and ¾/12 (8¾½/12) feet to an iron bar
on land of said Flanaghan seventy (70) feet to an iron bar
Terrence St fifty (50) feet to the place of beginning.
by Terrence Flanaghan by deed dated Oct. 1st 1891
for said County of Hampden, libro 482, folio 577.
1 Springfield Five Cents Savings Bank its successors and assigns to their use and behoof forever.
thence Easterly
street; and thence Southerly
·
он
to
me
Being the premises conveyed
recorded at the Registry of Deeds
Registry of Deeds for said County
1. Hold to Reid, Grantor
To have and to hold the above granted premises to the said
And
with the Grantee hereof, its successors and assigns, that
д
for
sel
and
on
Terrence
heirs, executors, and administrators, do covenant
my
my
aforegranted premises; that they are free from all incum-
am lawfully seized in fee simple of the a
brances ; except aprior mortgage to said bank on which there is due Twenty he has a good fight to sell and convey the same to said Grantee, its successors
will and my heirs, executors, and administrators shall WARRANT and DEFEND the same to the said Grantee, its
successors and assigns forever, against the lawful claims and demands of all persons.
layful
and assigns forever, as aforesaid; and that
'
•.• January and
the said
July...
Grantor
five
hundred
or
my
heirs, executors,
Provided, Nevertheless, that if
administrators, or assigns, shall pay unto the said Grantee, at its banking house, or to its order, the sum of
er centum per annum, payable semi-annually on the
on demand, with interest, at the rate of
Dollars,
in each year, and, during the continuance of this mortgage, punctually pay all taxes and assessments, now or
first days of
hereafter levied or assessed on said premises, or on Gaid Grantee or its successors or assigns by reason hereof, and keep all buildings, now or hereafter standing on said
premises, insured against fire, satisfactorily to and for the benefit of said Grantee and its successors and assigns, or, in default of such payment of taxes and assessments or
the said Santor
of effecting such insurance, shall, on demand, pay to said Grantee or its successors or assigns all such sums as it or they shall pay therefor, with interest, and shall not
commit or suffer any strip or waste of the said premises; then this deed, as also a promissory note of even date herewith signed by
or order, the sum of
promise to pay to the said Grantee
Dollars, and interest at the times and places aforesaid, shall be void, otherwise in full force.
But if Default shall be made in the performance of the foregoing condition or covenants, or any part thereof, then the said Grantee or its successors or assigns may
sell the aforegranted premises, or such portion or portions thereof as may remain subject hereto (in case of any partial release hereof), either as a whole or in separate parcels,
and at one time or at different times, as it or they may elect, with all the improvements that may be thereon, at public auction, in said Springfield
whereby
Eight hundred
me
promissory
'
,
it or they first publishing notice of sucli sale and of the time and place thereof, once a week for three successive weeks in some newspaper published in the place wherein
said premises are situated, if there be any such newspaper there published, if not, then in any newspaper published in the County where said premises are situated, the first
publication of such notice to be not less than twenty-one days before the day of sale;
its or their own name.
the said Grantor and in
my
And either during the life or after the death of
for that purpose hereby duly authorized and appointed, or otherwise, may convey the premises so sold, absolutely
or names, or as attorney of me the said Grantor
and in fee simple, to the purchaser or purchasers accordingly; and, out of the proceeds of such sale, may retain all sums then hereby secured (whether then or thereafter
payable) and the amount of all costs, charges, and expenses incurred or sustained by it or them in making such sale or by reason of any such default, with interest upon all
me the said
such sums or amounts, rendering the surplus, if any, of such proceeds to
assigns, on demand, and such sale shall forever bar me and all persons claiming under me from all right and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in
my
equity, and I do further covenant with the said Grantee and its successors and assigns for
heirs, executors, and administrators, that
they will, upon request, confirm by proper deed of release any sale or foreclosure made or effected hereunder.
And it is agreed that the said Grantee or its successors or assigns, or any person or persons in its or their behalf, may purchase at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no
other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money therefor.
or
Grantor
myself
or my
heirs or
and
And, for the consideration aforesaid, I, Delia F.
"F. Young wife of the said William M. Young do hereby release unto the said
Grantee and its successors and assigns all right of or to both dower
in case of sale hereunder, and agree to join in any deed of confirmation of any sale or foreclosure made or effected as aforesaid.
have
In Witness Whereof. We the said William M. Young
hereunto set our hands
this
and seal S
year of our Lord eighteen hundred and ninety-six.
Signed, sealed, and delivered in presence of
H. D. Marsh by W. m.y.
Terrence Flanaghan.
and homestead in the aforegranted premises and in the proceeds thereof,
and
Delia F. Young,
11th.
day of
August
William M. Young Seal.
Delia F. Young August 11th
Commonwealth of Massachusetts, HAMPDEN, SS.
William M. Young
before me,
Received
Aug.
12th
+Seal.
A. D. 1896
in the
Then personally appeared
the within named Grantor and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be his free act and deed;
Henry D. March
1896 and Registered from the original. Attest,
Justice of the Peace.
Janner"
R. Well
...Register.
-