10
8
n. C. Bushey
Jo
William H. Dexter.
Stamps 25¢ dc.
containing about fifty five acres of land more or less.
To Have and to Hold the above-granted premises to the said • George
•Colburn his Heirs and Assigns to his use and behoof forever.
And I do for myself my Heirs, Executors and Administrators..
covenant with the said Granter his Heirs and Assigns that in
making sale of the real estate above described I was
duly
authorized by the Court aforesaid, that I have complied with
the order of said
Court
by giving
bond and taking the oath by
law required, and by giving public notice of the intended sale.
as therein directed; and that I have in all things observed the.
rules and directions of law relative thereto.
my
In Witness Whereof, I the said Epaphro A. Day Administra
tor as aforesaid have hereunto set hand and real this
•tenth day of April in the year of our Lord eighteen hundred
and minety four.
Executed in presence of/
Summer Smith.
ᏄᏱ.
}}
Epaphro A. Day
Seal.
April 10. 1894. Then the within-named. Epaphro A.
• Day acknowledge- the within instrument to be his free act and
deed before Summer Smith, Justice of the Peace.
Rec'd Nov. 10, 1898 and Regi'd from the original.
attent дышей п. Пей
R. Hello
Register.
Know all Men by these Presents that I Nelson C. Bushey,
holder of a certain mortgage given by Minnie L. Burt to
:me dated September 27, A.D. 1898, and recorded with Hamp
den County Deeds, libro 587 folio 305, in consideration of One
Thousand and Thirty Five dollars paid by William H.
.Dexter the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby
assign, transfer, and set over unto the said William H. Dexter
the said mortgage deed, the real estate thereby conveyed, and
the note and claim thereby secured.
and
To Have hid to Hold the same to the said William H. Dexter'
his heirs, and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever; subject
nevertheless, to the conditions therein contained and to redemption
according to law.
In Witness Whereof I hereto set my hand and seal this
• tenth day of November A. D. 1898.
Signed
and sealed in presence of
Harry G. Webster.
n. C. Bushey Seal.
Commonwealth of Massachusetts.