Know all Men by these Presents, that
Martha A Bradway of
227
For Assignment See
Book 599 Page 200.
See Discharge, o 7139354
Hringfield, Hamfiden County, Massach
in consideration of Four hundred and seventy six Dollars
paid by Catherine 6. Bateman of said Spiring field.
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, giant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
said Catherine & Batem
certain tract of land with the buildings thereon
husetts.
1 Acknowledge Satisfaction and
hereby discharge this Mortgage.
⑥Mhranger
Jonly 19.1901
witness F. Janner-
Drange Street.
in
said Springfield bounded described as follows; Beginning at a stone set
in the ground on the southerly line of Orange Street 150 feet distant from the
25
easterly line of Oakland Street, thence easterly on said line of Orange Street
44100 feet to an iron pin, xhence southerly at right angles with said Orange
Street 14 feet to an iron furn, thence westerly in a le
eine
une parallel with said Orange
Street 4.4200 feet to an iron fin, thence northerly 144 feet to the place of beginning
Being the same property conveyed to me by said Catherine to Bateman by deed
dated January 19th 1899 to be recorded with the deeds for said Hamfiden County
Said property is subject to a mortgage to the Ware Savings Bank to secure
the sum of 2400 and interest
To Have and to Hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
and her heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever
cherine & Bateman
And g hereby for myself
hens and assigns that I;am
excepitingar
that
aforesaid
and my heus, executors and administrators, cOVENANT with the grantee and her
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbiances
will and my
hens, executors, and administrators,
have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee and en hens and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
exceptingar aforesaid
Provided Nevertheless that if
g
'
02 my
, or her
able on demand
heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
executois, administrators or assigns the sum of your hundred seventy six
+4
Jouse
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the late of
per cent. per annum, and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby;
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fire in a sum not less than the four value there of
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee and her executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expiration of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to her on them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so exping, and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,―then
this deed, as also
note of even date herewith signed by
my
whereby
giantee or older the said principal sum and instal ments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void.
me
or
, 01
promise to pay to the
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
her
executors, administrators, oi
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
field she
they
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
Springfield
may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchaseis absolutely and in fee-simple, and such sale shall
forever bai 'me and all persons claiming under me from all right and interest in the granted piemises, whether at law or in equity And
out of money arising from such sale the grantee her
ΟΙ
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
and
01 my heirs or assigns; and
then on thei cafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses incurred or sustamed by them by reason of any default in the performance or
observance of the said condition, rendering the sui plus, if
me
any, to
hereby,
for myself
and
my heirs and assigns, covenant with the grantee and her hens, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser oi
purchasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale.
And it is Agreed that the giantee
01
her
executois, administrators, or assigns, or any person.01 persons in then behalf, may purchase
sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser_shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
heirs and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted piemises and
at any
receive the ients and profits thereof
and
my
And for the consideration aforesaid I, Menzies R. Bradway husband of said Marthat Bradway
do hereby release unto the said grantee and
In Witness Whereol, we
hereunto set
our
eight hundred and ninety- mine.
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
Charles G. Go
to bath
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Hamfiden ss. January
her heins and assigns all rights
the said
لمرة اهمية الدولي
hand and seals this thirtieth
HOMESTEAD in the granted premises.
day of
lenzies R Br
ary
in the year one thousand
Mrs. Martha A. Bradway seal
seal
wway
Then personally appeared the above-named Martha A.Bradway
Mengus
R Bradway
3005
1899
her
Received
Jan. 30,
1899 and registered from the original
Attest.
B. Wells
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
free act and deed, before me-
Charles G. Gardner,
Justice of the Peace.
Register