60
Hnow all then by these ressents, that!
William. He Daxter of Springfield, Kampain County, Meas.
sachusetta
In consideration of.
Two Thongaside.
paid by William 10 Vening of said Springhild
the receipt whereof
Dollars
do hereby afknowledge, do hereby give, steht, sell, and convey unto the
and his
Heirs and Assigns,
Wild William & Vining
1
BOOK 556
1 Acknowledge Satisfaction and
hereby discharge this Mortgage.
AM. Janne-
two certain tracts of land with the buildings on the second described tract, beth in West Spring.
field in said laounty, described as follows. / te tract beginning
:at a stake in the northerly love of
Swing street 409 68 feet from Meam street, and running thence Westerly on droing.
601.
thence
2 street fifty (or
and thence Southerly 123 of feet to
Hampden County
feet, theme Anotherly
12100 feet,
Easterly 50
·50.017 feet:
chuwing street the place of beginning, being lot No 18 m plan recorded in.
Registry of Deeds, Book 8'17. Page 6
said street 15887 feet from Mam street. I running thence Westerly on Irving
theuse Southerly 1 26 50 fact, thence Easterly (80)fect, & thence Northerly 126.55 fut to Irving street, the
2nd tract, beginning at a stahi
place of beginning, being lot. No 7 on said plans of the same lands conveyed.
550
Page
in the southerly line of
to writ
HID
street fifty (50) fect,
buy deed of Stone, Gage and
Shepard dated June 18.1896, dreaded in said.
To have and to hold the afore-granted promises to the said Willan D Vigne, to their use and behoof forever
• Registry, Gook
do, for my off my Hours, Executors and Administratore, covenant with the cald William & Vining, his
el
And
Heirs and Assigns,
except
That
Sanfi
and
lawfully seized in fee of the afore-granted premises; that they are free of all incumbrances ;
restrictions in above mentioned, deed
and that el
Vining
have good right to sell and convey the same to the said
will warrant and dofond the same promises to the said ning
Heirs and Assigns forever, against the lawful claims and demands of all persons.
except as alesand
Provided levertheless, and this deed is on the following condition, that whelena I,
for the
the
have executed
one
my
the said William H Dexter
Promissory Noto of Hand, bearing even date herewith
to the den
1 of Two Thousand (2000) Dollars payable.
go
word. William Uning With interest payable semi-ansurally at the rate of six per cont per annum.
and during the continuance of this mortgage have agreed to pay all taxes assessed on the granted premises, or of any interest therein or on the
debt secured hereby, and keep the buildings on said premises insured against flro, in a sum satisfactory to and for the benefit of the Grantee and
Hoirs and Assigns,
Therefore, if
or
www
the said Dexter.
representatives shall pay the full amount of said Note according to the tenor hereof, and shall pay said taxes and
keep said buildings insured as aforesaid, then this deed shall be void; otherwise in full force.
But, if default shall be made in the performance of any of the foregoing conditions, the Grantee and
my
lawful attorneys for me
and in my hus, n
legal representatives, are hereby constituted
then
name to sell and dispose of the aforesaid lands at fublio anction, on or near the premises,
having first published notice of the time
and place of the intended salo, once a week, for three stocessivo weeks, m somo Nowspaper, if there be any, published in the city or town
where said premises are situated; and if no Newspaper is published in such city or town, then in some Newapapor printed in the county where
the mortgaged piemises are situated, the first publication to be at least twenty-one days before the day of sale,
and in
my,
lus, or
their
name to execute and deliver to the purchasers thereof, good and aufflolent deeda of convey-
ance for the sau, and of the monoy arising therefrom to retain a sum equal to the amount remaining unpaid on said Note and all expenses
mouried in the matter, rendering unto
representatives a true and partionlar account of the same, with
legal representatives
or
Meters
any overplus that may remain thereof. And until such default the Giantes shall allow
undisturbed possession of said estate
And it in agreed that the Grantee or
Hours or Assigus, or any one in
and
muy
or their behalf may purchase at any anlo made an
aforesaid and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money,
En Witness Thereof, el
8 Dexter
the said
William He Dester
wife of sand
William H. Dexter
to release all claim to dower and all homestead exemption rights in the aforesaid premises, have hereunto set
andol bore
twenty minth
our
hands and seats this
in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six
Bay off august killiam to Dexter
Executed in the presence of
Clarence A. Burt by both
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
HAMPDEN, 38
August 2
29
Acknowledged the within Austrument to be a
Received
August 29.
Cora & Dexter
1896. Then the within named
free aot and deed before mo
Alcal
Heal
William Ho Dexter
1896 and registered from the original. Attest
Jogies a Wells Justion of the Penso
Даший
R. Wells Register.