516
Sec Discharge, OF 695 $129
Stamps 125 red
Know all Men by these Presents, that we
Mabel A Atkins Almon W Arkins, husband wife of
Springfield, Hampden County, Massachusetts
in consideration of Thirty five hundred Dollars
paid by Margaret H Law of said Springfield
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do Hereby give, grant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
said Margaret H. Law,
a certain price or parcel of real estate situated in said Springfield
bounded and described as follows. beginning at a fount in the northerly
line of Allendale street one hundred fifteen and
30 feet east of the centersection
of the northerly line of Allendale street with the easterly line of north street
and at easterly line of land of L. J. Rigali. Thence running on said northerly
line of Allendale street forty nine (49) feet thence northerly and fearallel
with said line of land of L. J. Rigali about ninety right and 9000 (98.97) feet to
southerly line of land of Jorish Bumstead' thence Westerly on said southerly
line of Bumstead land about forty nine(49) feet to said easterly line of land
of 2.9 Regali. thence doutherly on said easterly line of L. 9 Regali's land
L.
to place of beginning.
Being the firemeses conveyed to Mabel A Atkins by Gagnier Angers by
died dated March 30, 1899 to be recorded at the Registry of Deeds for said
County of Hamfiden, and subject to the restrictions set forth in said, deed.
To Have and to hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
argaret H Law
and her heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever
And whereby for ourselves and our heirs, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the grantee
and her
heirs and assigns that we are
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances
except said restrictions
that we have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that we will and ou heus, executors, and administrators,
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee and her
heus and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
except as to raid restrictions
Provided Nevertheless that if
heurs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of Thirty five. h ndred dollars on demand
in
we, or,own
1
cent.
pel
or
her
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the late of five
per annum, and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby,
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against file in a sum not less than satisfactorily to and
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee and her executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expiation of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to her on them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so exping; and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted picmises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained, then
this deed, as also one note of even date herewith signed by us
whereby
promise to pay to the
giantee
Дний
ΟΙ
her
'
or order the said principal sum and instal ments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void.
But upon anp default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
executors, administrators, or
assigns may SELL the granted premises, on such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said pngfield
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
ild and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchase or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple, and such sale shall
forever bai us
and all persons claiming under
from all night and interest in the granted piemises, whether at law or in equity And
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then on thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses inculled or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to us
or our heirs or assigns; and we heieby,
for ourselves and our hens and assigns, covenant with the giantee and her heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power, we o they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
purchasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale.
out of money arising from such sale the giantee
or
wus
And it is Agreed that the grantec
, or her
executois, admmistrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in their behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
ме and our hens and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
receive the rents and profits thereof.
And for the consideration aforesaid-
do hereby release unto the said grantee and.
In Witness Whereol, We
hereunto set our
hers and assigns all night of or to both DOWER and HOMESTEAD in the granted premises.
the said Mabel A Atkins Almon W Atkins
und
first
day of Al
hand and seals this
eight hundied and ninety-nine
Signed, sealed and delivered by
in presence of
bath
Ralph W Ellis
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Hampalenss Арчив в
grantorand acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Received April 6,
Mabel A. Atkins treat
Almon W Atkins sseal
1899
in the year one thousand
Then personally appeared-the-above-named Mabel A. Arkins the above named
free act and deed, before me-
Ralph W. Ellis
1899 and registered from the original James B. Wells
Attest
Name:
James
Justice of the Peace
Register.