•
186
1 Acknowledge Satisfaction and
hereby discharge this Mortgage.
stamp 25 фас
Know all Men by these Presents, that we
Edward D. Kelody Dra F: Thompson both of Springfield, Hampden County, Massachusetts
William & Vining
Jany
1.1900.
Witness R Martinsen
In consideration of One Thousand Dollars
pmail by William D. Vining, of said Springfield
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, giant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
said William D. Vining.
a lot of land with the buildings thereon situated on the northeasterly side of Chase
avenue in
said Spring fild's known' designated as lot number fifty three (53) on plan of Riverview Heights
Company recorded in Hampden County, Registry of Deeds, book 565, page 601. Said premises
being further described as follows. beginning in the easterly line of Chase avenue at a point
distant one hundred" 4 fifty feet southeasterly from Fort Pleasant avenue'd running thence South-
easterly on Chase Avenue fifty (50) feet: thence Northeasterly at right angles with Chase avenue one
one hundred "s forty-
(140) fet; thence Northwesterly parallel with Chase Avenue fifty (50) fe fet. thence Southwesterly at right angles with Chase avenue one hundred forty
(A of fect to the place & bequemning. Dering the frames conveyed tous by William Il Rester reerided at the Registry of Reed for said Counity of Flampden y subjent
to the restrictions set forth in said deed
To Habe and to hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
and his
William D. Vining
myself Sam and my
hereby for
And
heirs and assigns that
except said restrictions
that
heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof for ever
hens, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the grantee
and his
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbiances
will and my hens, executors, and administrators,
heins and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee
except as to said restrictions.
Provided Nevertheless that if
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of
+-
or
'
and
his
my heus, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
One thousand dollars on demand
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of
Six
, or his
per cent per annum, and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby,
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fire in a sum not less than-
satisfactorily to and
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee and his executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expiration of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to him or them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expning, and shall not commit or suffer any stup or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,—then
this deed, as also
note of even date herewith signed by
whereby
one
me
grantee or order the said pincipal sum and instal ments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void
'
or
his
promise to pay to the
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
executors, administiatois, or
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
Springfield
all
first paveld
a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
01
Spring-
and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchaseis absolutely and in fee-simple, and such sale shall
and all persons claiming under
me
fiom all night and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity And
Ris
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whethei
incurred or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or
Me
heus on assigns, and
hereby,
heirs, executois, administrators, and assigns that, in
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
forever' bar me
out of money ausing from such sale the giantee
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to
for myself
and my
heus and assigns, covenant with the giantee
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
purchases a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale.
at
And it is Agreed that the grantee
his
or
'
01
and
my
his
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in then behalf, may purchase
any
sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
and
heirs and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted piemises and
receive the rents and profits thereof.
my
• And for the consideration aforesaid & Alice M. Telso, wife of the said Edward D. Jels 024 J. Fannie J. Thompson
of the said Ira F. Thompson.
wife
'
do hereby release unto the said giantee and
。 including
heus and assigns all rightSof
Light
13 DOWER and HOMESTEAD In the granted premises
In Witness Whereof, We the said Edward D. Tulso, Alice M. Teloo, Ira S. Thompson & Tannie J. Thompson
hands and seal S this twenty first day of January m the year one thousand
hereunto set
our
eight hundied and ninety- mine
Signed, sealed and delivered
Alice Thompson
in presence of
Alice Thompson att
Carroll Pratt
Alice Thompson
Edward D Kelso
Alice M Kelson
Ira F Thompson
Fannie J. Thompson
• Seal
& Seal.
& Seal
• Seal
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTE 21 1899 | Then personally appeated Ira J. Thompson the above named grantor
SS
January
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
free act and deed, before me-
hes
Carroll Pratt
Received
Janry 21°
1899 and registered from the original
Attest.
tumes R. Wells
Justice of the Peace.
Register.
4
i