17
a
Su Book 553
д
now all Men by these Presents, that Is Page 169.
Charles B. Proctor of Springfield. Harupden County. Massachusetts.
in consideration of
Seven Hundred Dollars.
paid by Charles D. Rood of said Shringfield
the receipt whorgol des L. Rood
hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
said
lot
of
shewn
Acknowle Substation we
Ame D. Hord
hereby aising
Aug 31. 1897
land with the buildings therum riturated in raid Springfield and bounded and described
as follows: beguining at the intersection of the eartily livire of Hancock Street, with the amuticaly
chence Easterly on brosky Street one hundred Goss fact : chance
(100)
live of brorby Street and running
Boucherly parallel with the eastuly line of Hancock street: about so feet to land now or
Hanks; thence Westerly
on said land
now or
50
formerly of one
formuely of Hanks about 100 fleet to raid Hancock street:
and lacive Norticely on Bancoch alrest fifty feet to the place of beginning. Being part of the promucices
d
conveyed
to me by said Rood by deed dated July 20. 1896. to be recorded at the Registry of Weeds for
Hampden
Co Nive and
And
Hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances, thereto belonging, to the said
hereby for
али
I my self
heirs and assigns that
that
хо
and
his
Charles D. Rood
his
heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever.
and my
heirs, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the grantee and
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances,
have good right to sell and convey the same as aforesaid; and that
ghall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee
Provided Nevertheless that if
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of
in
д
or
I
will and
лиц
heirs, executors, and administrators
and his heirs and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons.
heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
his
or
Seven hundred dollars on demand.
Qix
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of
per cent. per annum ; and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessmonts, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby ;
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fire in a sum not less than satisfactorily to the
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee and his exccutors, administrators and assigns in such forms and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expiration of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to him or them a new and sufficient policy to take the
place of the one so expiring; and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any broach of
covenant herein contained,----
then this deed, as also
promise to pay to the
one
сия
note of even date herewith signed by
grantee or order the said principal sum and installments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void.
whereby
his
, or
executors, administrators, or
Springfield
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together
with all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said Springfield
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple; and such sale shall
forever bar те and all persons claiming under же
from all right and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity.
out of money arising from such sale the grantee or
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses incurred or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if
any, to
for
myself
his
Me
his
or
And
I
my heirs or assigns; and
hereby,
and my
heirs and assigns, covenant with the grantee and
heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or pur-
chasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale
And it is Agreed that the grantee
'
or
his
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in their behalf, may purchase
be answerable for the application of the purchase money; and that, until default in the
and
heirs and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
receive the rents and profits thereof.
I.
my
And for the consideration aforesaid J. Gertrude A. Proctor wife of the card bharles B. Proctor
do hereby release unto the said grantee, and
his
·In Witness Whereof, ste, the mid
hereunto set
owe
eight hundred and ninety- (ux.
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
hand and seals this
Edith B. Tower by G.A.P
Ralph It. Ellis to b. B.P.
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Hampden
SS.
July 23
189 6.
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Received
July
and assigns
Jarle Right of or to both DOWER and HOMESTEAD in the granted premises.
twentieth
day of
A. Proctor
July
Gertrude A. Proctor Seal.
Charles B Proctor
Seal.
in the year one thousand
Then personally appeared the above-named Charles B. Proctor
her
free act and deed, before me-
23 1896 and registered from the original
Attest:
4. James
Ratsch St. Ellis.
B. Wells
Justice of the Peace.
Register,
Qaid