148'
Know all Men by these Presents, that We
Edward Bliss & Ellen C. Bless wife of said Edward Bliss both
For Partial Release
dee T
Book 643 Page 340
and
of Brimfield in the County of Hampden's Commonwealth of Massachusetts For Sale affidavit
in consideration of
Six Hundred Dollars
paid by D. Winslow Foskett of said Brimfield
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, giant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
D. Winslow Foskett
said
see Book 67.7 Pages 45,46
a certain tract of land with the buildings thereon, situated in said Brim-
field about 3/4 of a mile westerly of the center village of Brimfield on both sides
of the road leading off from the Brimfield Palmer road onto the hilly for
a further ad fuller description of the premises reference is hereby made to the
deed of Oscar I Brown to said Ellen C. Bliss dated July 18th 1896 and recorded
in Hampden County Registry of Deeds Book 548 Page 506. Meaning hereby
to convey to said Foskett all the premises therein conveyed by said
Oscar F. Brown
To Have and to Hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
D. Winslow Foskett
And we hereby for ourselves
hens and assigns that
that чие
чие але
"
and
his heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof for ever
and our heirs, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the grantee
and his
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances
have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that we will and our hens, executois, and administi atoi s,
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee and his hens and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons.
Provided Nevertheless that if we
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of
, 01
our heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
six Hundred Dolla
on demand
his
; or
།
+-
six
years from this date, with interest scan annually at the rate of
per cent per annum, and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therem, or on the debt secured hereby;
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against file in a sum not less than six hundred
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee and his executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expuation of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to him or them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expuing, and shall not
suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,―then
Toth
note of oven date herewith sighed by
this deed, as also
giantee
all
our
dommit
'
us
or order the said principal sum and installments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void
forever bai us
and
مد
Brimfield
whereby
01
'
promise to pay to the
his executors, administrators, or
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
Hampden
County
may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple, and such sale shall
and all persons claiming under
fiom all right and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity And
out of money ausing from such sale the giantee
his
representatives shall be 'entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then on thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses incurred or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to us
our hens or assigns,
ΟΙ
and we hereby,
for ourselves and our
heus and assigns, covenant with the giantee
and his
hens, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchase or
purchasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale.
And it is Agreed that the giantee
, 01
ΟΙ
Pres
executois, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in their behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
our heirs and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
receive the rents and profits thereof.
And for the consideration aforesand
do hereby release unto the said grantee
In Witness Whereof,
hereunto set
our
eight hundied and ninety-
mine
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
and
чие
and
hens and assigns all right of or to both now in and
the said Edward Bliss Ellen C. Bliss
чие
hand Sand seals this
Oscar Brown to E. B
Bertha B. Bless to E.C B
COMMONWEALTH OF
Stampden
SS.
• MASSACHUSETTS th
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Received
Jany
116, th
189
09
twelfth
day of
the granted premises.
January
• Seal
Edward Bliss
Ellen C. Bliss
Then personally appealed the above-named
her
free act and deed, before me-
0
Seal
in the year one thousand
Ellen C. Bliss
Oscar F. Brown
1899 and registered from the original R. Wells
Attest
Justice of the Peace
Register