13
now all Men by these Presents, that
Michael Moore of Springfield, Hampden County, Massachusetts.
in consideration of
Three hundred and filty
paid by Benjamin W. hadd of said Springfield.
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
said
Benjamin W. Ladd.
%
Beni N Leade
Nov 15, 1900,
"Witness R Martinein.
A lot of land with the buildings Thereon situated in said Springfuld and
bounded as
follows:
bounded Southerly by Manhattan street formerly called Chaffee
Avenue sixty two (62) feet: Easterly by
land
one stock about nine rods:
of one
of one Hennessey sixty two (62) fut: By Westerly by
Northerly by
by land supposed to be
land conveyed by
me to one Ho
Hennessey about nine rods,
Being part of the
premises comryed to me by Jolm J. Moore by deed dated March 28. 1892, recorded at
the Registry of Needs for said County of Hampden, libro +90 folio 173.
Co Have and to hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
1 Benjamin W. Ladd.
his heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever.
my heirs, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the grantee and his
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances,
and
and
B
will and
And & hereby for
heirs and assigns that
myself
that
have good right to sell and convey the same as aforesaid; and that
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee
my
and
Provided Nevertheless that if
heirs, executors, and administrators
his heirs and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons.
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of
in
, Or
heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
my
Three hundred and fil
'
or
his
fifty dollars, payable
on demand.
six
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of
per cent. per annum ; and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby ;
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fire inasum-not-loss than satisfactorily to any
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee and his executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expiration of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to him or them a new and sufficient policy to take the
place of the one so expiring; and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any govenant herein contained,—
then this deed, as also
note of even date herewith signed by
one
grantee
me
whereby
his
promise to pay to the
executors, administrators, or
or order the said principal sum and installments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void.
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee or
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together
with all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
Springfield
'
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weched in some one newspaper published in said Springfield
me
me
his
and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple; and such sale shall
forever bar
and all persons claiming under
from all right and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity. And
out of money arising from such sale the grantee or
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses incurred or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to
my
heirs or assigns; and 8 hereby,
for
myself and
heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
heirs and assigns, covenant with the grantee and his
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or pur-
chasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale.
my
$
MA
or
And it is Agreed that the grantee 01' his executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in their behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money; and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
heirs and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
receive the rents and profits thereof.
And for the consideration aforesaid
do hereby release unto the mid granteo-—and
En Witness Whereof,
hereunto set
my
eight hundred and ninety- bix.
Signed sealed and delivered
in presence of
Ralph W. Ellis
barrie E. Bacon
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Hampden ss.
hand
the said
and seal
this
July 21
and
my
heirs and assigns all right of or to both DOWER and HOMESTEAD in the granted premises.
Michael Moore (widower
tiventy first
day of
his
mark
July
Michael Moore sheal
1896
Then personally appeared the above-named
his
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Received
free act and deed, before me-
Enly 21 180 b and registered from the original
Attest:
in the year one thousand
Michael Moore
Ralph W. Ellis
es
Justice of the Peace.
B. Wells
Register.