172
Stamp & 44.50+ c
Acknowledge Satisfaction now all Men by these Presents, that
! and
hereby discharge this Mortgage,
Nov 201-1899
Witness. R Martinsen.
Frank E. Owen of Springfield, Hampden County, Massachusetts
paid by Charles D. Rood of said Springfield
In consideration of Ten Thousand dollars
the
receipt
whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, giant, baigain, sell and convey unto the
said Charles D. Rood.
a certain tract of land lying on the corner
&
of Main Street & Hubbard Avenue, in said
Springfield and bounded Westerly by Main Street about sixty (60) feet: Southerly by
Mow or
Hubbard Avenue as recently widened and accepted by the City of Spring field, as a pub.
lic street: Easterly by land
one Wiese about sixty (60) feet: "4 North-
erly by land formerly of Orpha J. Wilcox. Said premises are eighty two (82) feet on the
formerly of
morth and south lines, and are the same
the same premises conveyed to me by Francis X. Deroin, Guardian
by his deed of present date. Subject to a mortgage to the Springfuld Institution for Savings, upon
which twenty-nine hundred dollars remain unpaid.
To Have and to hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
And
Charles D. Rood
hereby for
myself dam
and heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever
and my heirs, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the grantee
and his
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted piemises, that they are free from all incumbrances
д
heus and assigns that
except said mortgage.
that I have good right to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that
will and my hens, executors, and administrators,
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee and his heirs and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all peisons
except as to aforesaid mortgage
Provided Nevertheless that if I
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of
典
pay
, or
my heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
ten thousand dollars payable on demand
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the late of
six
, or
Рио
per cent per annum, and until such payment shall
all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid of assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby,
shall keep the buildings on said piemises insured against file in a sum not less than satisfactorily to and
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee and his
executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expiration of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to him or them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expuing, and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,―then
this deed, as also one note of even date herewith signed by
giantee or order the said pincipal sum and instalments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void.
field
me
me
me
whereby I
or his
Spring fuld
'
promise to pay to the
Spring.
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
executors, administrators, or
assigns may SELL the granted piemises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple, and Auch sale shall
forever bar
and all persons claiming under
fiom all night and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity. And
out of money arising from such sale the grantee
Pris
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses incurred on sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance oi
observance of the said condition, rendering the sui plus, if any, to
от my heus or assigns, and S
hereby,
heirs and assigns, covenant with the giantee and
hers, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchase on
purchases a deed oi deeds of release confirming such sale.
for myself
and my
And it is Agreed that the grantee
'
or
01
his
me
Pris
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in their behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchase shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
receive the icnts and profits thereof
And for the consideration aforesaid
and my
I, Alice I. Owen
his
do hereby release unto the said giantee and
In Witness Whereol,
hereunto set
ow
nine
eight hundied and ninety-
Signed, Sealed and devored
the
in presence of
Geo A. Bacon
'A L. Briggo
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACH
SACHUSETTS,
чие the said
hand and seals this
Hampden $$. January 19, 1889
SS.
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Received
heirs and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
wife of the said Franke &. Owen
heirs and assigns all night of or to both DOWER and HOMESTEAD in the granted premises
Frank &.. Qwen " the said Alice &. Owen
mineteenth
day of January
F.E. Owen
Franke E. Owen
alice дэ
Then personally appeared the above-named
Ris free act and deed, before me-
wen
in the year one thousand
• Seal
Seal
Frank E. © wen
Geo. a. Bacon
Jarry 19th 1809 and registered from the original
Attest.
1. James B. Wells
R.
Justice of the Peace
Register.
ย