184
Sec Brecharge, F. 705 987
A certain tract
of
Know all Men by these Presents, that
Timothy Burke of Westfield, Hampden County's Commonwealth of Massachusett
Three hundred dollars
in consideration of
paid by Daniel F. Doherty & Eugene Doherty both of said Westfield, County Commonwealth,
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, giant, bardam, sell and convey unto the
said Daniel F. Doherty & Eugene Doherty their Fleirs' assigns.
land situated in said Westfield at No. 10 Meadow street " bounded and
land of
described as follows. Bounded North West on land of E.A. SA Allen. East on
said Meadow Street, containing about forty rods of land's being
on
the same
Michael Clancy & South
premises conveyed to me
by Henry B. Leurs
as
administrator of the estate
|
me premise
of Eliza Ann Cleveland late of said Westfield, deceased by deed dated April 27% AD. 1894.
and recorded in Hampden County Registry of Deeds in Book 520 Page 538.1 being also the same!
described in Quit claim deed from said Lewes to me dated April 27th A.D. 18944 recorded in aforesaid Registry
Book 508 Page 303. to both of which cleeds & deeds therein referred to reference may be had for a more !
Daniel J. Woherty & Eugene Doherty,
full's complete description
hereby for
myself
To Have and to old the grantell premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
and their heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever
their
and my hens, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the grantees and
Jawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances
And
heirs and assigns that
Jam
except a mortgage for fifteen hundred dollars to the Westfield Savings Bank
that
I have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that Ꮽ will and my heus, executors, and administrators,
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee $ and their heus and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
save as against the aforesaid mortgage
'
or
Provided Nevertheless that if I
my heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantees
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of Three hundred dollars demand
+
on
>
or their
per cent. per annum, and until such payment shall
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of sif
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby,
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fire in a sum not less than
Three hundred
dollars, for the benefit of the grantees and their executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance ofhces as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expiation of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to
oi them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expiring, and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted piemises, or any breach of ny covenant herein contained,―then
this deed, as also
note of even date herewith signed by
whereby
grantee or order the said principal sum and metallments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void.
one
me
their
promise to pay to the
executors, administrators, or
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee 5, 01
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
Westfield
Westfield
and may convey the same by proper deed oi deeds to the purchase or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple; and such sale shall
forevei bai me
and all persons claiming under me
from all night and interest in the granted piemises, whether at law or in equity And
out of money arising from such sale the grantees ol
their
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, changes, and expenses incurred or sustained by them by reason of any default in performance oi
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to
me
hereby,
for my self and my
heirs and assigns, covenant with the grantees and their my heirs or assigns; and
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
purchases a deed oi deeds of release confirming such sale.
at
And it is Agreed that the grantee S
or
'
their
heurs, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in their behalf, may purchase
any
sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
hens and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
receive the ients and profits thereof.
and my
m
And for the consideration aforesaid
do hereby release unto the card grantee – and
Ju Witness Whereol,
hereunto set
I
the said
my
mine
hand
and seal
eight hundied and ninety-
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
George Kress
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Hampden
SS
January 19 1899
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
heirs and assigng all night of or to both nowER and HOMESTEAD in the granted premises.
this Eighteenth
Burke &
arried!
day of January
Timothy Burke • Seal
in the
year one thousand
Timothy Burke
Then personally appeared the above-named
his
free act and deed, before me-
Received
Jany 21°
1899
and registered from the original
Nate
Attest.
George
Press
es B. Nello
Justice of the Peace.
Register.
"