Know all Men by these Presents, thatwe.
We
Arthur] Adams of Fiskdale, Worcester Co., Mass && Mrs WH
Shultz also of Fiskdale, Worcester Co, Mass.
In consideration of Two Hundred
and fifty dollars
paid by Miss Is W Allen of Fiskdale, Worcester Co, Mass
W. Allen
the receipt
said whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, giant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
a tract of land situated described as follows to wit Be
209
1 Acknowledge Satisfaction and
hereby discharge this Mongage
Jo W. Alle
Jam 10-05
wit bt Safford.
Beginingata paint (The
Northeast corner of the Salem Adams estate bordoring on the mill pond thence
westerly to land of Mrs. Webber, thence Northerly on Mrs Webber's land to land of
Hebert Woodard, hence Easterly on said Albert Woodard's land to the Warrenroad:
hence by said road to the shore of the mist frond, hence southwardly by the shore of the
pond to the place of beginning The above described land situated in the town of Brimfield
Hamden Countyed premises, with all the privileges and appuntenances thereto belonging, to the said
And
I len
hereby for ourselves
hens and assigns that
we are
.
and her hens and assigns, to then own use and behoof forever
and our hens, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the grantee
and here
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances
heirs, executors, and administrators,
hens and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons.
that
have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid; and that e
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee and her
Provided Nevertheless that if
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of
yous from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of
班
will and
or
'
her
we, or our heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
Two Hundred and fifty dollars on demand
06%
per cent. per annum, and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby,
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fire in a sum not less than
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee and
executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance ofhees as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expiration of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to
on them a new and sufherent policy to take the place
of the one so expuing, and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,―then
this deed, as also one note of even date herewith signed by
whereby ле
eus
grantee or older the said principal sum and installments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void.
promise to pay to the
01 her executois, administrators, or
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said Jour
or
فرق
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said Countie
the first publication of
and may convey the same by proper deed of deeds to the purchaser or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple, and such sale shall
forever bar w
and all persons claiming under s from all night and interest in the granted piemises, whether at law or in equity And
out of money arising from such sale the grantee
her
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then on thereafter payable, including all costs, changes, and expenses incured or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to us
our hens or assigns; and Mire
for ourselves and our
heieby,
heus and assigns, covenant with the grantee and her hers, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchase or
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
purchases a deed oi deeds of release confirming such sale.
And it is Ngreed that the grantee
01
'
her
01
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in their behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money; and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
receive the ients and profits thereof
And for the consideration aforesaid
do hereby release unto the said grantee and her
by Sanitness
Witness whereof, ed premire
her cunto set
eight hundied and ninety- right.
Signed, sealed and delivered
11 presence of
део Н. Алать
hand and seal - this
and our hens and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
hens and assigns all right of or to both DOWER and HOMESTEAD etfier with, all rights
Arthur I Adams"
Arthur Adams and mas W. H. Shultz
10th
Theresa 6 Adams
day of
Дес
محمدمه
Arthur J Adams real
in the year one thousand
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
л
Jorcester
SsSouthbridge
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
1898
areál
aseal
Then personally appeared the above-named
his fiée act and deed, before me-
Arthur J. Adams
Henry B Montaque, Justice of the Peace.
Received
Jan. 26,
189 and registered from the original
Attest.
B. Nello
Register