146
Su Of
Ses Discharge, GF 7459
531
Stamp 25¢
a c
Know all Men by these Presents, that
E
.
John J. € Chamberlain of Springfield in the County of Hampden'y
Commonwealth of Massachusetts
in consideration of
fifteen hundred and
fifteen hundred dollars
paid by Mattie L. Chamberlain of said Springfield
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, giant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
Matte L. Chamberlain
said
A certain tract of land with the buildings thereon situate on Clarendon street
in
in said Springfield and bounded northerly by Clarendon street: Easterly by land
of Mary R. Wells, southerly by land of M V B. Surprize and westerly by land for-
merly of one Bigelow the premises being the same conveyed to
me
by deed of Ellen
M. Marsh dated November 3, 1896% recorded in the Registry of Deeds in book 558 page 4.76.
To Have and to hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
Mathe L. Chamberlain
And
の
hereby for myself Jam and awfully seized in fee-ample of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbiances
except a mortgage to Charles S. Long to secure the sum of
heirs and assigns that
doll
sand certain building restricte
that
and her heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever.
and her
my heus, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the giantee
two thousand mine hundred
will and my heirs, executors, and administrators,
hens and assigns forever against the lawful' claims and demands of all persons
or
have good right to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee and her
except as to said mortgage restrictions
Provided Nevertheless that if
my
fifteen hundred dollars on demand
five
heurs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
executors,
administrators or assigns the sum of
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of
or
her
'
per cent per annum, and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby,
Three I housand dollars
shall keep the buildings on said piemises insured against fire in a sum not less than
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee and her executois, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expiation of any policy on said piemises, shall deliver to her
on them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
covenant hei em contained,-then
of the one so expiring, and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of
whereby
this deed, as also
note of even date herewith signed by
me
my
grantee or order the said principal sum and instal ments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
assigns may SELL the granted premises, on such portion thereof as may remain subject to this
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
Spring
or
"
azy
her
promise to pay to the
executors, administrators, or
in case of any partial release hereof, together with
1 field"
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for thee successive newspaper published in said Spring-
field
01
me
her
to
and may convey the same by proper deed oi deeds to the purchaser or purchaseis absolutely and in fee-simple, and such sale shall
me and all persons claiming under
forever bai
from all night and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity. And
out of money arising from such sale the grantee
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses inculled or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or
perfor
heieby,
observance of the said condition, rendering the sui plus, if any,
for myself
it with the giantee and his hen's, executois, administrators, and assigns that, in
and my heus and assigns, covenant
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
purchasers a deed on deeds of release confirming such sale.
And it is Agreed that the grantee
or
'
her
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
receive the rents and profits thereof.
me
01
my
hens or assigns, and
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchase or
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in their behalf, may purchase
be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
and my
hens and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted piemises and
And for the consideration aforesaid I, Harriet F. Chamberlain wife of the
do hereby release unto the said grantee
In Witness Whereof,
hereunto set
our
-eight
eight hundred and ninety-
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
and her
чие the said
hands and seal S this
Chas. H. Barrows to JF.E C.
Wm Jd. Minott Jr.
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS.
Hampden
SS
December 3 1898
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
grantor
heirs and assigns all right of or to both nowER and HOMESTEAD in the granted premises.
Johny F-Chamberlain Harriet 3. Chamberlain
day of December in the year one thousand
third
John F E. Chamberlain
Harriet F. Chamberlain
Оно
• Seal
E
* Seal
John F. € Chamberlain
Then personally appeared the above-named
hris free act and deed, before me--
Charles H. Barrows
Justice of the Peace
Received
Jany, 16%
189
and registered from the original
Attest
Date:
R Nells
Register.
麈
୮