264
| Acknowledge Satisfaction and
hereby discharge this Mortgage.
Stamp 25t,
Bnow all Men by these Presents, that we
Michael P Carmody Stnneem Carmody back of Springfield
Hamfiden County, Massachusetts, husband and wife
in consideration of Jen hundred and fufity-dollars
James Examoody H
Wit b. 6. Safford Mar 16/03
paid by James & Carmody of Hampden in said County State
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, giant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
said James & armody,
A certain lot of land with the buildings thereon situated on the Southerly side
of Norwood Street in said Sfering fielded bounded
bounded red described
ܡܩ
follows to wit:
On the North by said Norwood Street fifty two feet (52) on the Eart by land of
&
Joseph Moran Seventy nine feet (79), on the South by land of 6:H. Barney land
of said. Swan fifty two feet (52)
on the West by land of said Swan eighty feet (80)
To Have and to̟ Hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
James & Carmody
And whereby for ourselves
heirs and assigns that we are
heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever
and his
and our heus, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the grantee and his
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances
Except two mortgages, one to D.L. Swan, the other to IM. Walker Co
that
will and our hens, executors, and administrators,
heus and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons.
we have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that we
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee and his
excepit are aforesaid
Provided Nevertheless that if we
, or our
heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
or
his
'
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of Jen hundred fifty-dollars on demand
HA
per cent. per annum, and until such payment shall
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of five
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby,
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fire in a sum not less than
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee and
exccutors, adminstrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expiration of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to
or them a now and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expiring, and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,―then
this deed, as also our note of even date herewith signed by es
whereby we
grantee
'
his
promise to pay to the
executors, administrators, or
or order the said principal sum and instal ments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee or
assigns may SELL the granted piemises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said Springfield
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
Springfield and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple, and such sale shall
and all persons claiming under us from all night and interest in the granted piemises, whether at law oi in equity And
iepiesentatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
forever bai
out of money anising from such sale the giantee or his
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses incurred or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance of
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to es
01 our heus or assigns, and ме hereby,
for ourselves and ow heirs and assigns, covenant with the grantee and
hens, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
01 they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
purchasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale.
And it is Agreed that the grantee
, 01
his
فرید
hus
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in then behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed we
hens and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
receive the ients and profits thereof
and our
And for the consideration aforesaid
do hereby release unto the said grantee and
In Witness Whereol. We
hereunto set our
eight hundred and ninety- mine.
Signed, sealed and delivered
m presence of
hens and assigns all night of or to both DOWER and HOMESTEAD in the granted premises
the said Michael P. and Sinnie M Carmody
hands and seal this Sixth
day of February
Wendell G Brownson
to Michael P Carmody
Michael P. Carmody real
Annie'm Carmody real
in the year one thousand
All erasures unterlineations made by scribe before execution Wendell Brownson
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Hampden ss
رها ملود
1899 Then personally appeared the above-named Michael? Carmody
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be his
Received
Feb. 6,
free act and deed, before me.
Wendell Brownson,
1899 and registered from the onginal
Attest:
James R. Wills
2. James
Justice of the Peace
Register.