168 For Discharge See
Book 601 Page 52
Stamp 25¢ & not ed
Know all Men by these Presents, that we
Eusebe Bourgeois & Ezilda Bourgeois, husband & wife of Springfold.
Hampden County, Massachusett hundred fifty dollars
in consideration of
paid by Edmund IV. Baker of said Springfield
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, giant, bargain, soll and convey unto the
Edmund R. Baker
said
is sixteen and one.'
A certain lot of land with the buldings thereon situated in said Springfield
said Spring field on the easterly side of
Siberty street bounded & described as follows: to wit, Beginning at the Northerly corner of said street with
Phoenix avenue, so called "Trunning thence Northerly by said Liberty street seventy-four (74) feet to the
Corner of a passageway which
-half (16%) feet unde. thence North-easterly by said
"passageway forty-eight " " light tenths (18.8) feet to a lot of land designated as Sot No. Jon the plan here.
inafter to be referred to: thence Southeasterly by said Lot No. Jone hundred (100) feet to said Phoenix avenue thence
Southwesterly 4 Westerly by said Phoenix avenue about
avenue about one hundred twenty-seven (127) feet to the place of beginning In-
tending hereby to convey on a
• the lots of land which are marked 546 on a plan of lots which is recorded in the Registry.
of Deeds for card Hampden County in Book of Plans No 1 on pages 701471. Being the same •premises conveyed to Egilda Bourgeoisby
Flexbert M. Woodard by deed dated January 18,1899 to be recorded in said Registry of Deeds. This conveyance is made subject to the restrictions which are
set forth in seed deed to which deed or the record thereof reference is to be had for a particular chiscruption thereof said restrictions to be inforce as set forth in said deed until D
To Have and to Hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
Edmund π. Baker
And we hereby for ourselves.
heirs and assigns that
except restrictions
that
and is heirs and assigns, to theu own use and behoof forever
his
and hens, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the grantee and
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbiances
we have good night to sell and convey the same as
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee and
asto restrictions
except
Provided Nevertheless that if
чие
, or
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of
m
aforesaid, and that we will and ou hens, executors, and administrators,
his
hens and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
очен heus, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
Thirteen hundred fifty dollars ondemand
six
or
'
Pris
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of
per cent per annum, and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest theiem, or on the debt secured hereby,
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against file in a sum not less than satisfactory to and,
dollars, for the benefit of the giantee and his
executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall applove,
and, at least two days before the expiation of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to hum on them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expuing, and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the gianted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,―then
this deed, as also
note of even date herewith signed by
whereby we
giantee or oider the said principal sum and instal ments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void
a
us
01
'
promise to pay to the
executors, administrators, or
tial release hereof, together with
hes
Springfield, Massachusetts
Hampden
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
County
and may convey
the same by piopei deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple; and such sale” shall
forever bai из and all persons claiming under
from all night and interest in the granted premises, whether at law oi in equity And
out of money arising from such sale the grantee
his
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whethe
then on thereafter payable, mcluding all costs, charges, and expenses incunied on sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance o
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to
or our hens on assigns, and we hereby,
hens and assigns, covenant with the grantee
and his
heus, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
01 they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchase on
purchasers a deed oi deeds of release confirming such sale
fol
ourselves and our
And it is Agreed that the giantee
'
or
ΟΙ
чие
Pro
us
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in then behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
hens and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
سعد
and
олен
11901
"
iceceive the rents and profits thereof
And for the consideration aforesaid—
do hereby release unto the sand grantee and
In Witness Whereol,
hereunto set
our
eight hundred and ninety- mine
Signed, sealed and delivered
in
esence of
L. E. Hitchcock
heirs and assigns all right of or to both Dowen an
чие
the said
hand and seals this
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
January 18, 1899
Hampden ss.
1899 her
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
TRAD in the granted premises.
Eusebe-Bourgeois ad Ezilda Bourgeor
eighteen
I day of January
Ezilda Bourgess..
слоеве 54. Воиндеого
Then personally appeared the above-named
fiee act and deed, before me―
in the year one thousand
Seal
• Seal
Egilda Bourgeois
Loranus E. Hitchcock Justice of the Peace
Received
Jany 18,
1899 and registered from the original
Attest
ar
B. Nello
Register.