BOOK 562
10
Know all Men by these Presents, That I
Leka C Gillett of "Westfield, in the County of Hampdens Marrachusetts
In consideration of
pald by
Twenty
Five Hundred
Gustavus I: Hays of said Westfield
Dollars
the receipt whoroof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, bargain, soll and conscy unto the
onid
Gustavus I. Hays
The following described. tracts of land, lying and situate in said "Westfield, and
first tract bounded & described as follows: viz - Beginning at the Northwest corner
hereby conveyed on School street, thence
running Southerly
to land of the Park Square Hotel Property, thence Easterly
m a
of land
on a private way forty five feet
on said Hotel Property twenty feet
straight line parallel with the West line of land
to land of Eugenia-Freed, thence northerly
hereby conveyed to School street thence Westerly on said School street twenty feet to the place of begin-
nung
and is the same tract of land conveyed to Leroy C. Gillett by deed of John A Freed dated
October 18, 1872 and recorded in Hampden County Registry Book 295 Page 587. Second tract bounded
North on School street thirty two feet:
two feet: East on a private way forty five feet South on said Hotel'
Property thirty two fict and West on land formerly
feet
owned by James Fowler deceased forty five feet, t
east " & in st lines are parallel " is the same tract of land conveyed to said Leroy C. by deed of Loomis Holcomb
dated September 10,18734 recorded in same • Registry Book 304 Page 422. See also deed of Loomis Holcomb to L.C.
Gillett dated March 17,1873 and recorded in • Book 298 Page 271 Sard grantor also
having the right
passage through the hotel yard to School street, now held by her in common with hereby conveys to grantee all nights of
Grantor, only child of said.
• Leroy C Gillett Said Siroy C died testate. Grantor holds one half as deviseen the other half
as
heir at law
To Have and to Hold the granted premises, with at the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging
to the mid Gustavus I. Hays
lons ad assigns, to tir own use and boloof for over.
hereby for
and
"1. hist
myself
covenant with the grantee hereof
and
and my
beira, executors ayl vlmuststrators,
heirs and nesigns that
Isfully seized in fee-sifiple of the granted premises, lent they are free from all incumbrances
am
to use the same
я
that
aud
my
grantec
региона
Я
will
have good right to sell and convey the same aforesaid, and that
heigs, exentors and administrators shall warrant and defend the same to the
his hoirs and araigns forever against the lawful cl ilms anil demands of all
And for the consideration aforesaid
bereby relonne-unto the
dowen
In witness whereof
hereunto Bot
an
my
Loire-and-annigne all-right-of-orto-bath
amb hostin Lelia C. Gillett (a single woman)
anid
hand
and Boal
thus
February
Signed, Sealed and delivered in presence of
Henry Fuller
Commonwealth of Massachusetts
minth
day of
in the year one thousand eight hundred and alnety-seven.
Lelia C. Gillett & Seal
me
Hampden ss. Feb. 9th 1897 Then personally appeared Lelia C Gillett the above-named
grantor and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be her free act and deed, before
Henry Fuller Justice of the Peace
Rec'd Feb 23, 18974 Rigid from the original.
Attest Jamu R. Well
Register.