176
See Discharge, Of 745 420
के
Stampa 50'ac
Know all Men by these Presents, that
Omer W Marcy of Palmer, Hampden County, and
Commonwealth of Massachusetts
in consideration of Two Thousand Dollars
paid by Ralph B Frances of said Palmer.
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, giant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
said R
B
A certain tract of land situate on Pine Street in said Palmer bounded and
described as follows.- Beginning at a stone bound on the Northerlyride of said
Pine Street, at the South West corner of land to be described; thence on said Streets.
58 ½ ° 6 1.29. feet to a stone bound on land of Woolrich & Co.; thence on said Wadbuch
and con 29° 8167 feet to a stone bound on land of the Rt. Rev. Thomas D. Beaven,
chence on said Beaven's land n. 65° W. 132 feet to a stone faston land of Susan
6 Hunt, thence on said Hunt's land S. 23° W.160% feet to the first mentioned bound.
Containing 21.4.84 feet more or less being same premises conveyed to grantor
by Margaret 9. Atkins by deed dated. Oct. 3, 1898 recorded in Hampiden Co.
Registry of Deeds book 578 frage 634 to which reference is hereby made
To Have
Rallish B
and to Hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
and his heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever
And
I hereby for myself
heus and assigns that
that
am
and my heus, executors and administrators, coVENANT with the giantec and his
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances
g
will and my
heus, executors, and administrators,
heirs and assigns for ever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
have good right to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee and his
Provided Nevertheless that if g
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of Iwo J
HHA
01
'
my
✓ heirs, executois, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
ousand 1ollars on
or his
"
emand
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of found one has
per cent. per annum, and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid on assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby,
shall keep the buildings on said piemises insured against file in a sum not less than Jivo I housand
dollais, for the benefit of the giantee and his executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall appiove,
and, at least two days before the expiration of any policy on said piemises, shall deliver to him or them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expuing, and shall not commit oi suffer any strip or waste of the gianted piemises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained, then
this deed, as also
a note of even date herewith signed by
giantee oi oider the said principal sum and installments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void
me
whereby
ΟΙ
'
his
promise to pay to the
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
executors, administrators, or
assigns may SELL the gianted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
Palmer
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
P.
er
forever bar me
and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchase or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple, and such sale shall
and all persons claiming under me
from all night and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity And
out of money arising from such sale the grantee
his
01
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, changes, and expenses incuned or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to
or my hens or assigns, and
hereby,
for myself
and my
hens and assigns, covenant with the giantee and
heus, executois, administiatois, and assigns that, in
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchase or
purchasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale
And it is Agreed that the grantee
01'
"
hi
me
his
executois, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in then behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
receive the ients and profits thereof
And for the consideration aforesaid J, Lottie
do hereby release unto the said grantee and
In Witness Whereof, We
hereunto set
eight hundied and ninety- mine
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
and my
heirs and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
Narcy wife of said Omer w marcy
his
the said Omer W. Marcy"
heirs and assigns all night of or to both DOWER and HOMESTEAD In the granted premises
J. Marcyd Latte & Marcy
day of January
hands and seal S this Second
William W. Leach.
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Hamiden ss. January
2nd
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Received
Jan 3,
Omer W Marcy areal
Latte L. Marcy seal.
1899
in the year one thousand
Then personally appeared the above-named Omer W Marcy
his
free act and deed, before me-
1899 and registered from the original
Attest
"William Wheach,
Яши
is R. Nello
The James
Justice of the Peace.
Register.
L
1