Stampe 120.
233
:
Know all Men by these Presents, thats to Arriquets de
Buk 693 Page 74-75
John F Ensworth of Springfield, Harfeden County, Massachusetts Acknowledge Satisfaction and
in consideration of Twentyeight hundred Dollars
paid by Sophronia P Spooner of said Springfield
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
said Sophronia P Spooner
hereby discharge this Mortgage.
"Many klizabeck Shorner.
Jan. 20.1908
witness H. L. Jordan
certain real estate situated in raid. Speringfield bounded described as fol-
lows - beginning at a fraint in the southerly line of Waverly street distant one
hundred & ughty six and too feet from North Main street and rum
unning thence
Easterly on Waverly street forty five (45) feet: thence Southerly at right angles
with Waverly street one hundred (100) feet: thence Westerly parallel with
Waverly street farty five (45) feet to land of Judson O Smith and thence North.
erly at right angles with Waverly street one hundred (100) feet to the place
of beginning.
Being the foremises conveyed to me by William D Vining by deed-dated
April 30, 1898 recorded at the Registry of Deeds for said County of Hampden
libro 576, foles 37 band subject to the restrictions set forth
To Have and to hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
Spooner and her heirs and assigns, to theu own use and behoof forever
R
Safel
And hereby for millf
am
heirs and assigns that
that
have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee and her
in said deed.
or
and my heus, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the giantee and ther
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances
will and my
hens, executors, and administrators,
hens and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
Provided Nevertheless that if
, or my
heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall
her
unto the grantee
pay
executors, administrators or assigns the sum oftivety eight hundred gallars on demand firincifial d
interest frayable in gold coin of the United States of the firerent standard of weight
and fineness or cheequivalent of it's market value in other United States money
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of fuire
per cent per annum, and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby,
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fire ma sunt not less than satisfactorily to and
dolls, for the benefit of the grantee and her executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expuation of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to her on them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expiring, and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,--then
this deed, as also one note of even date herewith signed by
whereby
giantee
in
'
me
'
promise to pay to the
on order the said principal sum and instalments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee 01 her executors, administrators, or
assigns may SELL the granted piemises, or such portion thereof as may remam subject to thus mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said Springfield
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
Springfield and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchaseis absolutely and in fee-simple; and such sale shall
forever bai me and all persons claiming under me fiom all night and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity. And
out of money arising from such sale the giantee 01 her
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
4
fol
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, changes, and expenses incunied or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance oi
observance of the said condition, rendering the sui plus, if any, to me
01 my heirs or assigns, and g
hereby,
my.
es and
my heirs and assigns, covenant with the grantee and her hens, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchase or
purchasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale.
or her
And it is Agreed that the giantee
'
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in their behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be auswerable for the application of the pui chase money, and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
receive the ients and profits thereof.
and
ту
hens and assigns may hold and enjoy the gianted piemises and
And for the consideration aforesaid J, Mary & Ensworth, wife of the said John I Ensworth
do hereby release unto the said grantee
and her
In Witness Whereof, we
hereunto set
our
eight hundred and ninety-nine
Signed, sealed and delivered
esence of
Ralph W. Elles
Jennie G. Jaylar
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
hens and assigns all lights only bOWER and HOMESTEAD in the granted premises
the said John Ensworth & Mary L Ensworth
hand and seal this
second
day of January
John F Ensworth seal
Mary L. Ensworth asear
in the year one thousand
Hamfidenss. January 31, 1899, Then personally appeared the above-named John F Ensworth the above named grantor,
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
free act and deed, before me-
Received
Jan 31, 1899 and registered from the original
Attest.
'
1
Elles,
R. Wells
Justice of the Peace
Register
་