514
See
The Bricharge, 8025 9 220
Stamp 50 red
Bnow all Men by these Presents, that >,
Непчу
Henry G. Wells of a firingt
chusetts
pringfield, Hampden County, Massa-
in consideration of nineteen Hundred Dollars
paid by Henry & Edwards of Northampton, Hampshire County,
Massachusetts the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, giant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
said Henry L. Edwards
as follows to wit:-
A certain tract of land with the buildings thereon situate on the north side
of Allen Street in said Springfield; bounded described.
Beginning on the north side of said street at the Southwest corner of the
land conveyed and at land of Cyrus Kibbe; and running Thence northerly
on land of said Kibbe to a frond or to land of the United States, thence East-
erly on said Pond to land now or formerly of James Hunt, thence Southerly
in straight line and fearallel with the West line as described to said
Allen Street, thence Westerly on said Allen Street sixty-two (62) feet to
the felace of beginning. The land conveyed being sixty-two (62)feet
the street and sixty-two (62) feet on the North line from the east to the
west fence Being the same premises conveyed to me by Isaac M. Pease
March 11th 1899.
a
To Have and to hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
And hereby for myself
and his
heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever
on
and my heus, executors and administrators, coVENANT with the grantee
and his
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances
will and my hens, executors, and administrators,
enry
E.
edwards
heirs and assigns that
Iam
that
have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid; and that
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee
and hus
hens and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
or
his
Provided Nevertheless that if
'
01 my hens, executois, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of nineteen Hundred Dollars on
in
Jaix
عمد
emand
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of
per cent. per annum, and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid on assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby,
shall keep the buildings on said premises msured against fire in a sum not less than
cary to and,
dollars, for the benefit of the giantee and his executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expiration of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to him or them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expiring; and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herem contained,―then
this deed, as also my note of even date herewith signed by me
whereby
grantee or order the said principal sum and installments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void.
01
his
promise to pay to the
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
executois, administrators, or
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may iemain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said fringfield
all
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
ed and may convey the same by proper deed oi deeds to the purchaser or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple; and such sale shall
me and all persons claiming under me from all night and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity And
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
forever bai
out of money arising from such sale the giantee 01
heus or assigns,
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses incured on sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to me
and g
hereby,
for myself and my heirs and assigns, covenant with the giantee and his hens, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
purchases a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale
at
And it is Agreed that the grantee
01
'
his
or
my
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in their behalf, may purchase
any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
hens and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
receive the ients and profits thereof
and my
am Wells wife of Henry G. Wells
And for the consideration aforesaid I
and
hers
do hereby release unto the said giantee
In Witness Whereof, We the said
hereunto set
our
eight hundied and ninety- mine.
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
Theodore & Duight
Arthur A. Bech
hand and seal this
heirs and assigns all right of or to both DOWER and HOMESTEAD in the granted premises.
G Wells sdam. Wells
day of
Henry G. Wells seal.
Aferel
in the year one thousand
Idam. Wells aseal
Then personally appeared the above-named Henry G. Well
free act and deed, before me
"Durght
1899
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
amfidenss. A feril 5,
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Received feril to,
us
1899 and registered from the original
Attest.
oclare
B. Wells.
Justice of the Peace
2
Register.
3