2
=་"----
the judgment of the President of Treasurer best secure to the hold
ers of said Bonds, the payment of the principal" d'interest.
there on, according to the tenor of the
Provision shall be made for the registration
the registration of eaid bonde
if the holder, or holders, there of should so desire
4.
same.
"Now, Therefore, know all Men by these Presents;
That the Holyoke Paper Company in consideration of each quvery
premise above set forth³d of the sum of one dollar (7) to it paid by.
the Hampden Loan & Trust Company, the receipt where of
hereby acknowledged " 4 for the purpose of securing the payment
of all the bonds, principal of interest above referred to according
to their tenord effect, doth hereby, give, grant, bargain, selland
convey:
"unto the said Hampden Loan & Trust Company, its
successored assigns forever, all its real estate together with the
fixed machinery, fixtures, water powers and appurtenances that
on belonging, situate in Holyoke, Hampden County of Massachu
setts of more particularly described as follows:
First: All those parcels of land conveyed to raid Holyoke
Paper Company by the Headley Falls Company by deed dated
August 10, 1857, recorded in the Registry of Deeds for said County
of Hampden book 188, page 635, eaid parcel being therein described
2 follows, to wit:
as
A
at
a. parcel of land situate in Holyoke, in the County of Keanup den
bounded By measuring as follows, viz: Beginning at the intersection
of the Westerly side of Main street & the Northerly Water line of the
Cross Canal socalled thence running Westerly on said northerly
Water line Two hundred " & Sixteen feet to the Easterly side of Race
street; thence Northerly on the Easterly side of Pace street one hun
dred by thirty-two feet to a passage way of forty. feet in width in
common to both parties to this Indenture: thence Easterly
right angles with the last described line on the Southerly side of.
caid passage way two hundred by sixteen feet to the Westerly side
of Main street: thence Southerly on the Westerly side of Main stret
hundred y thirty two feet to the point of beginning
Also one other tract of land situated in raid "Herly oke bound.
ed³y described as follows, viz: Beginning at a point on, the Easterly.
side of Main street seventy-five feet Northerly from the interses.
the Easterly side of Main street of the North
erly side of the Cross Canal so-called: thence running northerly
on said Main street one hundred feet: thence Easterly at right
gles with the last described line one hundred feet to a passage way;
lone
tion
an