211
Know all Men by these Presents, that Acknowledge Satisfaction and
Bereby discharge this Mortgage.
Charles AL Hervieux of Springfield in the County of Hampden
and Commonwealth of Massachusetts
in consideration of Six hundred twentyfive dollars
paid by George m Burnham of said Springfield
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
said Geaгает. Влия
Georn Burnham
June 6. 1911
witness H. L. Jordan
0
certain parcel of real estate.
situated in said Springfield bring lot num
1
ecorded in the Req-
bered "82" (ughty two) on a felan of lots of Parson rd Butler recorded in
estry of Deeds for said county in book 50+ page bol The premises are the same
conveyed by Charles H. Parsons to the grantor by deed dated Aferel 15, 189 68% recorded
in said Registry.
•Book 548 page 199ed are subject to the restriction that no bulding
shall be erected on the premes
nearer than twelve (12) feet to the street line.
To Have and to hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
Веч
am
And I hereby for myself
heus and
that
assigns
Jam
except as aforesaid
and heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever
and heus, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the giantee and his
lawfully seized min fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances
that g have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that
shall WARRANI AND DEFEND the same to the grantee and
except as
aforesaid:
will and my hens, executors, and administrators,
hens and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons-
, or his
Provided Nevertheless that if g ,01 my heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
executois, administrators or assigns the sum of
undred twenty of we dollars on-demand
į
HA
:
i
Jaix
five
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of
per cent. per annum; and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby;
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against five in a sum not less than 2
ndred
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee and executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall appiove,
and, at least two days before the expiation of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to hem or them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expuing, and shall not commit or suffer any stip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained, then
this deed, as also my
note of even date herewith signed by me
whereby
giantee
or order the said principal sum and installments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void
'
01
promise to pay to the
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
executois, administrators, or
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said Steri
gfield
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
Вн
field and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple; and such sale shall
foi ever bar me and all persons claiming under me from all night and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity And
out of money arising from such sale the giantee or his
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
or
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses incurred on sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or
observance of the said condition, rendering the sui plus, if any, to me
my heirs or assigns, and
hereby,
for myself and
my
heirs and assigns, covenant with the grantee and my heus, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
purchasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale
And it is Agreed that the grantee
'
01 his
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in theu behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
receive the rents and profits thereof.
And for the consideration aforesaid
я,
and
hens and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted piemises and
, Elizabeth M Hervieux wife of the grantor
do hereby release unto the said grantee and his
In Witness Whereof,
hereunto set
тй
heirs and assigns all night of or to both DOWER and HOMESTEAD In the granted premises.
the said Chat Ai
hand and seal this t
we
eight hundred and ninety- Mine.
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
сн Вашин
and Elizabeth M Hervieux
day of Janua
sto CALH/Chat. A £ Hereux
Henry 9. Ward
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Hamfidens.
anuary
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
aseal
Elizabeth M. Hervieux aseal
1899 Then personally appeared the above-named Charles A £
fiee act and deed, before me-
Received
Jan 26,
1899 and registered from the original
Attest
Chat H Barrows,
от
Name:
Janua
B. Wells
in the year one thousand
Giveens
Justice of the Peace.
Register