574
1 Acknowledge Satisfaction and
hereby discharge this Mortgage.
Stampes
Бедеб
Know all Men by these Presents, that 9.
Daniel Spaight of Springfield, Hampiden County, Massachusetts
Perris & Chanelles
is
Oct 3.1900
Witness Martensen.
in consideration of Fourteen Thousand Dollars
paid by our S handler of said Steringfield
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
said Narress. Chandler,
Blessed
a fiarcel of land, with the buildings thereon, situated at the corner of
Main Sts. in said. Springfield, and boundedd described as follows, to wit:-
Beginning at the point of intersection of Blus main ses, on the Southerly
side of Bless St. running thence southerly by Main St to a fraint offsite
the center of the brick wall separating the granted property from the Union
Hall property so called, thence Westerly by and through the center of sand
wall to a point where a line drawn from said Bliss St straight through
the center of the Easterly wall of the brick building on said Bliss St. next
Westerly of the Union House, formerly so called, will intersect said first
mentioned line running from Main St Westerly,
chence northerly in a straight
line through and by the center of said easterly wall of said Bliss St building
to said Bless St; chence Easterly by and Bliss St to the felace of beginning.
Being the same premises this day conveyed to me by deed of the said Chandler,
and this mortgage is to secure part of the purchase money. This mortgagesio
made subject to a mortgage to the Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance
Company to secure the note of said Chandler for twenty-one thousand dollars
which note I have assumed and agree to pay, also subject to the conditions,
casements and lease mentioned and referred to in the deed of said Chandler
to me
And
handler
hereby for myself
am
To have and to hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
vues S.
and shens and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever
and my heus, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the grantee
and his
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances
except the mortgage to the mass. Mustrial Life Ins. Company aforesaid the condit
have good light to sell and convey the same as abou and that
hens and assigns that
and easements as
that
lease
will and my
heus, executors, and administrators,
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee and his hens and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
except as aforesaid.
Provided Nevertheless that if
"
daflars
, 01 my heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
or his
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of Jountry Thousand Dollars, as follows, One Thousand
in one year from this date, Two IP ousand dollars in two years from this date and the
balance on demand after
#two years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of five
per cent. per annum, and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest there, or on the debt secured hereby;
shall keep the buildings on said piemises insured against fine in a sum not less than
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee and us
The just mortexecutors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
age aforesaid and thus
and, at least two days before the expuation of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to him or them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expung, and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,--then
this deed, as also me.
notesof even date herewith signed by me
whereby
at the
edates above name
giantee or order the said principal sum and installments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void.
promise to pay to the
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
,01 his executors, administrators, or
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release her cof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said ring field
forever bai me
out of money arising from such sale the grantee
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said Springfield
and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple; and such sale shall
and all persons claiming under me fiom all right and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity And
or his
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, changes, and expenses inculled or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to me
hereby,
heis, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchase or
or heus oi assigns; and
for myself and my heirs and assigns, covenant with the grantee and his
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
purchasers a deed oi deeds of release confirming such sale
And it is Agreed that the grantee
, or his
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchase
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
receive the rents and profits thereof
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in their behalf, may purchase
shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
and my
hens and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
And for the consideration aforesaid I, Kate J Spaught wife of said Daniel Spraught
do hereby release unto the said grantee and
In Witness Whereof, We
hereunto set
our
eight hundied and ninety- une
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
hand
Chat C. Sprellman to DS
hris
the said
hens and assigns all right of or to both DOWER and HOMESTEAD in the granted premises.
Daniel Spaught and Kate I Spaight
and seal this twenty first day of
cday of Ание
Daniel Spaught seal
Kate J Speaught
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Hamfeden ss Sfering field April 21, 1899
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Recervod Ария,
Aperel 21,
Azeal
in the year one thousand
Then personally appeared the above-named Daniel Speight
his
free act and deed, before me-
Attest
مو
ellman
is B. Wells.
1899 and registered from the onginal
James
Justice of the Peace
Register.
1