6
•
ten (210) fiet to land appropriated By located by the Holyoked
Westfield Railroad Company; thence Northeasterly on the Westerly
line of said Railroad Company's land & parallel with said Easterly
line of said Leigh street four hundred forty (440) feet, thence North
westerly && parallel with caid Appleton street two hundred exten
(210) feet to the centerline of an alley or common passage way,
(which passage way is twenty (20) feet wide running Northerly
- from said Appleton street): thence Southwesterly on caid center
fline of said alley? & parallel with said High
High street four hundred
for fasty (1440) feet to the place of beginning, containing ninety two
thous and four hundred (92,400) square feet, more or less. Ten (10) fet
in width of said alley liescupony is a part of the whole Westerly_
and of the lot herein conveyed, is to be forever kept open as a
passage way in comm
in common free from all obstructions & nuisance
Smade or permitted by the grantees, their succes
cessors or assigne, and the
-grantors reserve to themselves their successore passigns" & to the tour
or corporation of Holyoke the right at all times to enter upon said.
passage way to lay water ng gas pipes, construct servers grepair.
the same," to dowwhatsoever is necessary to be done for, the public
interest / convenience
nd.
تر
No building is to be erected by the grantees within twenty (es)
(20)
feet of the water line of the canals" is the grantors reserve the right of
passage way on over said twenty (20) feet at all times for the pur--
proses named in article No.1.7. The rights existing in eaid article are
as
[not hereby diminished. The walls of the canals are reserved by the
grantors to remain for protection of the canal banks...
In consideration of the payment of two hundred sixty ounce
of silver or its equivalent in gold to be paid every six months
es herein before
being a part of the fifteen hundred" d sixty
expressed, the said Holyoke Water Power Company do further herely
grant, bargain, selly convey unto the said "Herlyoke Paper Company
to continue drawing using four of the ten mill prowers
herein named during twenty four hours in a day instead of six
teen (16) hours in a day as limited expressed in article and
:
Lite
nd.
unces
Sixth: The mill powers conveyed to said Holyoke Paperbon-
pany by the said He olyoke Water Power Company by deed dated
October 1, 1878 recorded in said registry, book 360, page 252, said
mill powers being therein described as follows: Two (2) mill powers
of water as defined in " d according to the annexed proposals. The
above granted mill powers are to be drawn used in qupon