4
and
ors reserve to them
a passage in common free from, obstructions" of nuisance by the
grantee's, their successors 4 assigns of the grantors res
"-selves, their successors" d assigne" & to the town or
or corporation of
Holyoke the right at all times to enter upon said passage way
to lay water af gas pipes, construct senere repair the same, d
to do whatsoever is necessary to be
ecessary to be done for public interest" of c
venience.
corner
the
con
Fourth: all those parcels of land conveyed to caid
caid Holyoke Capr
Company by said Holyoke Water Power Company by deed dated Jan-.
uary.
20,9866, recorded in said Registry, book 241, page to said parcel
being therein described as follows: Two parcels of land situate
in Holyoke, in the County of Hampden, described as follows, vig:Lot
No. 1, Beginning at a point on the Easterly side of Race street, at
_ the Northwesterly
of the mill site conveyed to the said
grantee by the late Headley Falls Company by Indenture dated
August 10, 1857% of running Northerly on eard Race street, three
hundred" f eighty-three (383) feet to Jackson street; thence East:
erly on said Jackson street two hundred³d sixteen (216) feet to..
Main street: thence Southerly on said Main street, three hundredy.
eighty three (383) feet to land of said grantees; thence westerly along
the Northerly line of said grantee's land two hundred / sixteen (219)
feet, to the place of beginning, containing eighty two thousand even
hundred of twenty eight (82,728) equare feet, more or less.
on
Lot No. 2. Beginning at a point on the casterly side of Main street, at
the Northwesterly corner of the lot conveyed
grantees by the
late Headley Falle company by deed dated August 14, 1857 running
dede ry feet
d
Northerly on eaid Mairs street three hundreds of thirty-five (335) fuct
to Jackson street; thence Easterly on said Jackson street one hun
Jackson-street
are a" deight (108) feet to the center line of an alley or common pass
or com
age way, (which passage way is sixteen (16) feet wide running.
from said Jackson street, to Canal street); thence Southerly.
said center line of said alley " parallel with said Main street three hum-
dred thirty five (335) feet to the Northerly live of said grantee'sland;
thence Westerly along said paper company's land one hundred y
eight (108) feet to the place of beginning containing thirty eix thousand
one hundred / eighty (36,180) square feet, more orders. Eight feet invenith
of said alley lies upony is a part of the whole length of the Easterly
side of the lot here in conveyed, his to be forever kept open as a pass
lage way in commmoning free from all obstructions & ad nuisance made
- permitted by the Holyoke Paper Company, their successors assigne
y the grantors.
is reserve to themselves, their successors assigned
grantors
as