80
Know all Men by these Presents, that &
John Thomas of East Longmeadow in the County of Hampden & Commonwealth of Massachusetts
in consideration of
Fifty Dollars
paid by Oren C. Hann of said East Longmeadow
the recept whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, giant, baigain, sell and convey unto the
Hunn
said
A certain tract of land situate in Spring fold in said County"
in said County && being lots numbered twenty
eight (28) thirty (30) thirty two (32) one (1) and thirty four (34) on plan of
loto belonging to Charles H. Parsons and Charles B. Butler and recorded with the deeds
for said County Book 504 Page 601% the same conveyed to the grantor by said Parsons 4 Butler
by deed dated March 9th 1893 ³ recorded with said Hampden County deeds Book 552 Page 288%; this
Conveyance is made subject to the restriction in said deed viz that mo
- that no building shall be erected on said land
nearer than twelve (12) fext to the street line. Also subject to a mortgage to secure the sum of thirty five (35) Dollars", interest.
To Have and to hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
And
Jd
um
hereby for
myself
hers and assigns that
excepting as aforesaid.
that
and his
heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever
and my heus, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the grantee
and his
Jam lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances
have good light to sell and convey the same as aforesaid; and that
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee
and his
excepting as aforesaid.
6
will and my heirs, executors, and administrators,
hens and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons.
Provided Nevertheless that if
I
or
'
my heirs, executois, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
his
or
'
1
executois, administrators or assigns the sum of
Fifty Dollars on demand after this date
year from this date, with mterest semi-annually at the rate of six
per cent per annum, and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby,
shall keep the buildings on said promises insured against fire in a sum not less than.
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee and
executois, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expuation of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to
or them a new and sufficient policy to take the place-
covenant herein contained,-then-
of the one so expiring,
this deed, as also
my
grantee o order the said principal sum and instal ments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void.
and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of
note of even date herewith signed by
me
whereby
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
any
, 01
his
promise to pay to the
executors, administrators, or
case of any partial release hereof, together with
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain, subject to this mortgage he or they
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
Spring field
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in suid Spring-
feld
forever bai
me
me
And
and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchase on purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple; and such sale shall
and all persons claiming under
fiom all right and interest in the gianted premises, whether at law or in equity
Ris
out of money arising from such sale the giantce 01
representatives shall be entitled to retam all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses inculled on sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or
hereby,
me
ΟΙ
hio
my heirs or assigns; and
E
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to
for myself and my
heirs and assigns, covenant with the grantee and
heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
chaseis a deed oi deeds of release confirming such sale.
And it is Agreed that the grantee
his
pui
or
'
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchase
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
receive the rents and profits thereof.
shall
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in their behalf, may purchase
be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
and my
heis and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
And for the consideration aforesaid I. Ellen Thomas wife of the said John Thomas
do hereby release unto the said grantee
In Witness Whereof,
hereunto set
our
eight hundred and ninety- Mune
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
1
Charles G. Gardner
Arthur Geldard
COMMONWEALTH of
Stampden
SS
and
his.
чие
heirs and assigns all right of or to both Dower and HOMESTEAD 111 the granted premises.
the said John Thomas & Ellen Thomas
hand and seals this
SETTS,
January 16th
and acknowledged the forgoing instrument to be
Received
Jany. 20"
sixteenth
day of January
John Thomas
"Nellie Thomas
1899. Then personally appeared the above-named
free act and deed,
me-
in the year one thousand
o Seal
g Seal
John Thomas
Charles & Gardner
1999 and registered from the original R. Wells
Attest⚫
Jam
Justice of the Peace.
Register.
I
|