162
In Sale Teffidurit
Book
Stamp
9.
Know all Men by these Presents, that I
Ju Bish 611 Pays 2241225 George H. Clow of Springfield, Hampden County, Massachusetts
m consideration of
Twenty seven hundred and fifty Dollars
paid by Sarah C. Juikland of Agawam in said County
the receipt whereof hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, bargain, sell and
rahc tirkland
said
convey unto the
A certain parcel of land with the buildings thereon situated on the easterly side
of
Parker Avenue in said Springfield, known and designated
as lot number
8 (eight) on Mary M. Parker's plan of lots recorded in Hampden County Registry
of Deeds Book One of Plans, page 26: said lot being forty five (45) feet wide through- i
out, 96 21 feet on the north line 496.24 feet on the south line Being the premises conveyed to
me by Mary M. Parker by deed dated July 13, 1898, recorded at the Registry of Deeds for
sard County of Hampden
To Have aud Hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
Sarah C. Pirkland
And hereby for myself
heirs and assigns that
that
and her
heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever
and her
and my heirs, executors and administiators, COVENANT with the grantee
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances
I have good light to sell and convey the same as aforesaid; and that
shall WARRANT AND Defend the same to the grantee and her
Provided Nevertheless that if
д
or
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of
in_
I
will and my heus, executors, and administrators,
heus and assigns for ever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
, or
her
my heus, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
seven hundred fifty Dollars on demand
rd
Swenty
, yeats-from-thus-date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of
اده
per cent per annum, and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever-laid on assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therem, or on the debt secured hereby,
satisfactorily to and for
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fine in a sum not less than
and her executors, administrators and assigns in sucll form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
dollars for the benefit of the grantee
on them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
and, at least two days before the expuation of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to her
of the one so expuing; and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,―then
whereby
this deed, as also
note of even date herewith signed by
one
Me
grantee or order the said principal sum and instal ments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void.
, 01
her
promise to pay to the
executors, administrators, oi
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remam subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
Springfield
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said Spring.
field
forever bar
me
01
her
and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchase or purchasers absolutely and in fee-summple; and such sale shall
and all persons claiming under
from all night and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity. And
me
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
out of money ausing from such sale the grantee
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, changes, and expenses incurred of sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance oi
and
me
hereby,
my heirs or assigns,
01
observance of
my heus and assigns, covenant with the giantee
and her
hens, executois, administrators, and assigns that, in
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
purchasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such såle.
And it is Agreed that the giantee
for myself id condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to
or
her
'
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in their behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money; and that, until default in the
heirs and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
pei
formance or observance of the condition of this deed
receive the rents and profits thereof
And for the consideration aforesaid
do hereby release unto the said giantee
In Witness Whereof,
hereunto set
GPAu
eight hundied and ninety- mine
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
Ralph W. Elles
Louie E. Wells
IMON
OF MASSACHUSETTS,
SS
and
and my
I, Annie M. Clow wife of the said. George W. Clow
hens and assigns all night of or to both DOVER and HOMESTEAD 11 the granted premises.
IV. Clow" Annie M Clow
frer
the said George th
чле
hands and seal s this
الهده
day of
:
даплачу
in the year one thousand
F
Seal
George H. Clow
Annie M. Clow
Seal
Hayden January 18 1809 Then personally appeared George Willow the above mamed grantor
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
his
free act
Received
Jany 18th
1899
and registered from the original
Attest.
Ralph W. Elles
es B. Wells
андаши
Justice of the Peace.
Register