185
Know all Men by these Presents, that we
James & Martin & Clarke C. Titts of Brattleboro, Windham County State of
Vermont
in
Three hundred" & thirty Dollars
See Plate 179 35
pard by Ambrose &. Smith of Springfield Hampden County, Massachusetts
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, giant, bargain, self and convey unto the
Ambrose & Smith
said
Eleven certain lots of land situated in said Springfield's known's designated as lots numbered
seventeen (17) eighteen (18) mineteen (19) twenty (20) twenty two (22) twenty three (23) thirty five (35)
thirty sy (36) thirty seven (37) thirty eight (38) and
•thirty mine (39) on
• Lizzie J. Marble's plan
of lots recorded in Hampden County Registry of Deeds Book 502 Page 601, together with all
our
right, title and interest in and to the streets &d avenues laid out on said plan.
Said Smith
agreeing to release from the operation of this mortgage any of said lots upon
the payment of thirty dollars upon each lot
So
released together with all accrued interested expense
of securing such release at any time 24 from time to time while this mortgage is in force
To have and to hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
Smith
And we hereby for ourselves
hens and assigns that
We are
and
heirs and assigns, to then own use and behoof forever
said
and our heis, executors and administrators, coVENANT with the giantee and
his
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free fiom all incumbrances
чие
hens and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
will and our hens, executors, and administrators,
that чие
have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantee
and his
Provided Nevertheless that if
чие
'
or our
heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee
'
or his
In one
one year
+
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of
"Three hundred", thirty dollars.
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the late of Six (6)
per cent per annum, and until such payment shall
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby;
shall keep the buildings on said promises insured against fire m a sum not loss than
dollars, for the benefit of the grantee —and
executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such msurance offices as they shall approve,
and, at least two days before the expiration of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to
or them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expuing, and shall not commit or suffer any stup or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained,—then
this deed, as also one note of even date herewith signed by
us
grantee or order the said piincipal sum and installments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void
and
Springfield
whereby we
Pus
or
'
promise to pay to the
Hampden
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
executors, administrators, or
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once cach week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
"County. I may convey the same by proper deed oi deeds to the purchase on purchaseis absolutely and in fee-simple; and such sale shall
forever bai но
and all persons claiming under us
fiom all right and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity And
out of money ausing from such sale the giantee
his
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses inculled or sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance oi
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if to
any,
Οι our heis or assigns; and
hereby,
ourselves and our hens and assigns, covenant with the giantee
hens, executors, administrators, and assigns that, in
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power, We or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
purchases a deed on deeds of release confirming such
sale
his
for
And it is Agreed that the grantee
or
ΟΙ
us
and
his"
'
чие
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in their behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed чие
and our
heins and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted piemises and
*receive the rents and profits thereof
And for the consideration aforesaid S. Jessie S. Martin wife of said James L. Martin
do hereby delease unto the said grantee and
statutes therein
In Witness Whereof,
hereunto set
eight hundred and ninety- light
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
R.C. Bacon
E. L. Waterman
State of Vermont
COMMONWEALTH OF MA
Windham ss.
his
sid all
heirs and assigns all night of oi to both DOWER and HOMESTEAD In the granted premises."
We the said James E. Martin Jessie S. Martiny Clarke C. Fitt's being unmarred
hands and seals this "wenty second day of December in the year one thousand
"December 22 1898
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Received
Jany 21"
1
James L Martin
Clarke C. Fitts
Jessie S. Martin
Then personally appeared the above-named
free act and deed, before me--
their
1899 and registered from the original
Attest⚫
+ Seal
g
• Seal
Seal
James L. Martin & Clarke C. Fitto
PP.C. Bacon Notary Public-
es R. Wells
Date Janes
Justice of the Peace.
Register