2-
Stamp 25 noted
.m.
Know all Men by these Presents, thats, Thick big Page 17
་་
517
Mabel A. Arkin's of Ifering field, Hampden County, Massachusetts | Acknowledor Satisfaction and
I consideration of ten hundred
Ward by Christopher
and
ifty dollars
'
632 Pages #76,478
horoby discharge this Monga
Lizzie S. Sagnier By
Pierre Angers, both of said Springf
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, grant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
said Christopher J. Gagnier Pierre Angers
C.?. Lagriver atty.
Oct 5-04 Uist laddafforce!
a certain fuece or parcel of real estate situated in said Ipringfield bounded
-and-described as follows - Beginning at a faint in the northerly line of Allen..
follows-Beginning
dale street one hundred fifteened thirty-three one-hundredths (1150) feet east
of the intersection of the northerly line of Allendale street with the easterly
line of North street and at easterly line of land of & 9 Regale; thence running
on said northerly line of Allendale street forty-nine (49) feet; thence northerly
and parallel with said line of land of £.9. Rigali about ninety-eight and ninety-
seven one-hundredths 1989-00) feet to southerly line of land of Josiah Bumstead
thence westerly on said southerly line of Bumstead's land about forty-nine
(49) feet to said easterly line of land of L. J. Rigali; thence southerly on said
easterly line of L. Riquali's land to felace of beginning & being the same firem.
ises this day-conveyed to me by C. 9. Gagnier and Pierre Angers and this con-
veyance is made subject to the restrictions contained in their deed to
mårdto. mortgage of $3500 to Margaret H Law.
To Have and to Hold the granted premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said Christopher J. Gagnier
and Pierre Angers
And 9 hereby for myself
hens and assigns that
Iam
and their heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever
and my
hens, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the granted and their
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbrances
excepit said restrictions and
that
save as to ssard
will and
my
9 have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid, and that
shall WARRANT AND DEFEND the same to the grantees and their hens and assigns for ever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
heus, executors, and administrators,
ctions and mortgage
Provided Nevertheless that if g or
> my heus, executois, administrators or assigns, shall pay unto the grantee S, or hve
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of ten hundred and fifty dollars, payable in instal
ments of twenty dollars at the end of each month (or sooner in my option)
with interest quarterly
th
years from this date, with interest semi-annually at the rate of
six
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby;
per cent. per annum, and until such payment shall
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fine in a sum not less than
dollars, for the benefit of the grantees and their executors, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance ofhces as they shall approve,
satisfactory to and
and, at least two days before the expiation of any policy on said piemises, shall deliver to
of the one so exping, and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any covenant herein contained, then
them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
this deed, as also one note of even date herewith signed by me
whereby
giantee oi oide the said principal sum and instalments of interest at the time. aforesaid shall be void
ΟΙ
'
thur
promise to pay to the
executors, administrators, oi
But upon aup default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be theicon, by public auction in said firing field
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said
firingfield and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple, and such sale shall
forever bai me and all persons claiming under me fiom all night and interest m the granted premises, whether at law or in equity And
out of money arising from such sale the grantees or their
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sumus then secured by this deed, whether
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses incurred on sustained by them by reason of any default in the performance or
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to me
01hens or assigns, and
hereby,
for myself and
heirs and assigns, covenant with the grantees and their heus, executois, administrators, and assigns that, in
my
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchase or
purchasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale.
And it is Ngreed that the giantees, or their executors, administrators, oi assigns, or any person oi peisons in their behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money, and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
and my heus and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
receive the ients and profits thereof
And for the consideration aforesaid I, Almon WAtkins husband of said Mabel A Atkins
to Bond intergat
R and HOMESTEAD in the granted piemises
and Almon W.h chains
day of March
do hereby release unto the said grantee and her hens and assigns all right
In Witness Whereol, We
aun
hereunto set
eight hundred and ninety-nine
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
the said Mabel A. Ath
hands and seals this thirtieth
Ralph Ellisby both
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Hampden ss Affirel
6,
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
Received
Mabel A Arkins aseal
Автоп Ш.А явить
Preal
1899. Then personally appeared the above-named
free act and deed, before me-
'
Aferil 6,
1899 and registered from the ougmal
Attest⚫
in the year one thousand
Mabel A. Atkins
Ralph W. Ells
The James
B. Wells
Justice of the Peace
Register