138
Stamp 504+c
1 Acknowledge Satisfaction and
hereby discharge this Mortgage.
now all Men by these Presents, that
Charles & Alley David Alton Hart of Chester, Hampden County, Massachusetts
Oct. 2, 1901
Witness L.G. Fuller
of
10f
nineteen hundred dollars
In consides C. Abbenin said County.
is hereby acknowledged, do hereby give, giant, bargain, sell and convey unto the
the receipt Marles C. abbay.
said
a certain lot of land with the buildings thereon lying on the Southerly side
of Lowell street in Springfield Penown" described as lot numbered fifty-
two ( 52) on plan of lots recorded in Hampden Registry of Deeds in book 445
page 601 which lot
bounded northerly by Lowell street fifty feet, Westerly
со
by land of one Roscoe (now or formerly one hundred feet, southerly by land of George Nyelmeser
(now
or formerly) fifty feet teasterly by land of one Connelly (now or formerly) one hundred feet, being the same
-premises conveyed to said Abbey by Winthrop Pt. Lombard.
bald the
ог
To Have and to Calented premises, with all the privileges and appurtenances thereto belonging, to the said
And
Charle
I hereby for myself
heirs and assigns that
that
+
and
and his heirs and assigns, to their own use and behoof forever
and
and
my heus, executors and administrators, COVENANT with the giantee
lawfully seized in fee-simple of the granted premises, that they are free from all incumbiances
have good night to sell and convey the same as aforesaid; and that
shall warrant AND DEFEND the same to the grantee
Provided Nevertheless that if
д
and his
I
will and my heirs, executors, and administrators,
heirs and assigns forever against the lawful claims and demands of all persons
or
'
Pres
for my heirs, executors, administrators or assigns shall pay unto the grantee
nineteen hundred dollars, payable 25 sex mos from date
and + 25 every six mos thereafter united paid
executors, administrators or assigns the sum of
gears from this date with interest semi-annually at the rate of
пло
six
per cent. per annum, and until such payment shall
nineteen hundred
pay all taxes and assessments, to whomsoever laid or assessed, whether on the granted premises or on any interest therein, or on the debt secured hereby,
shall keep the buildings on said premises insured against fire in a sum not less than
dollars, for the benefit of the giantee and
executois, administrators and assigns in such form and at such insurance offices as they shall approve,
him
and, at least two days before the expiration of any policy on said premises, shall deliver to
on them a new and sufficient policy to take the place
of the one so expiring, and shall not commit or suffer any strip or waste of the granted premises, or any breach of any
ny covenant herein contained,―then
this deed, as also my note of even date herewith signed by
giantee or older the said pincipal sum and mistal ments of interest at the times aforesaid shall be void
me
whereby
01
his
'
promise to pay to the
executors, administrators, oi
But upon any default in the performance or observance of the foregoing condition, the grantee
assigns may SELL the granted premises, or such portion thereof as may remain subject to this mortgage in case of any partial release hereof, together with
all improvements that may be thereon, by public auction in said
spring field
first publishing a notice of the time and place of sale once each week for three successive weeks in some one newspaper published in said Spring-
me
hris
and may convey the same by proper deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchasers absolutely and in fee-simple, and such sale shall
And
forever bar
and all persons claiming under me from all night and interest in the granted premises, whether at law or in equity
out of money aising from such sale the grantee 01
representatives shall be entitled to retain all sums then secured by this deed, whether
performance o1
then or thereafter payable, including all costs, charges, and expenses incurred on sustained by them by reason of any default in
me
heus or assigns, and
my
อ
hereby,
observance of the said condition, rendering the surplus, if any, to
hio
with the grantee
hens, executois, administrators, and assigns that, in
myself
or they will upon request execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser or
and
my
for
case a sale shall be made under the foregoing power,
purchasers a deed or deeds of release confirming such sale
hens and
assigns,
covenant
hes
And it is Agreed that the grantee
'
01
and
or
executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons in their behalf, may purchase
at any sale made as aforesaid, and that no other purchaser shall be answerable for the application of the purchase money; and that, until default in the
performance or observance of the condition of this deed
receive the rents and profits thereof
and my heirs and assigns may hold and enjoy the granted premises and
And for the consideration aforesaid I, Jannie A. Hart wife of said David Alton Hart
do hereby release unto the said grantee
In Witness Whereof,
our
hereunto set
mine
eight hundied and ninety- Mune
Signed, sealed and delivered
in presence of
Theodore F. Dwight
12
his
and
чис the said
hand $ and seals this
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Hampden ss.
Jan
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be
heirs and assigns all night of or to both DOWER and HOMESTEAD In the granted premises.
David Alton Hartry Jane A. Hart
day of
11th
January
in the year one thousand
+
Seal
Seal
David Alton Hart
Fannie A. Hart
Then personally appeared the above-named David Alton Hart
free act and deed, before
me-
to DaH
1899
his
Received
Janry, 14%
1899 and registered from the original
Attest:
Fat James
Theodore F. Dwight
B. Nello
Justice of the Peace.
Register.